This book will become a general database of known card games. 
Each card game should have a full set of rules to accompany it on its own article page. 
The goal of this book is to generate the most comprehensive card game library ever created. As card games have little to no official rules and are very often regional this will require a lot of help from the community.
Card games listed here do not need to be "official" in any way. If you have a great card game that you can accurately recite the rules for, please by all means create a page and document it! The same goes for if you find that a game is not listed here, please either add a note in the discussion or create the page yourself. As many card games are simply regional variants of each other, you may find it easier to add a variation tab to already existing games.
Card games that use atypical decks such as CCGs, Hanafuda or chess cards are also welcome, just be sure to note of they do.
Pagat
Wikipedia Card Game article
Karuta
Fizzbin Rules Discussion
All-Five Rules Source
Agram, also known as Sink-Sink or FapFap is a trick taking game common in parts of Africa.
It's closely related to Spar. This game is played with a stripped deck containing 35 cards. All face cards and the ace of spades are removed.
2-7 Players
Chose a dealer.
The player to the right of the dealer cuts the deck, the cut half is placed at the bottom. The dealer than deals 6 cards to each player in sets of 3.
The next player leads with a card of their choosing. 
The following player must then follow suit if possible, and so forth til everyone has played. 
Once all players have played the winner is the person who played the highest card of the original suit. 
The winner then leads with a card of their choosing. This continues til all hands are empty.
The winner is the person who wins the last trick, they deal next.
Some variants deal only five cards to each player (2, then 3)
One variant uses a point system. 
Four points for winning the last two tricks with threes, two points for winning the last trick with a three and one point for winning with my card higher than a three.
A different variant uses 31 cards instead of 35, stripping 2-6 and the ace of spades. Aces are high cards in this variant.
The players may play individually or in equal-sized teams, seated alternatingly. Default play rotation is clockwise in most areas. Players cut for first deal. Cards rank as in Whist and have certain numerical values called "pips" as shown in the table. In each deal up to 4 scoring points are distributed among the parties. The first party to reach 11 scoring points over several deals wins the game.
The dealer shuffles and the player sitting before the dealer cuts. The dealer hands out 6 cards to each player in batches of 3, then turns up the next card to determine the trump suit.
Eldest hand leads to the first trick, and the winner of each trick leads to the next. Standard trick-play rules are in effect with the exception that a player who can follow suit to a plain suit lead is nevertheless allowed to play a trump.
At the end of the deal scoring points are awarded as described in the table. The Jack point is not awarded if no player held the Jack of trumps. The Game point is only awarded if one party has won more pips in tricks than any other. The scoring points accrue strictly in the order given in the table, preventing ties in case more than one team reaches 11 points at the end of the deal.
Minor variations:
Like Basic All Fours, but the trump suit is not decided by cutting but as the suit of the first card that is played in trick-play. This gives eldest hand a major advantage.
Like Pitch, but eldest hand may sell the privilege of pitching for scoring points to any opposing player. The scoring points change owners immediately. No negative scores.
Like Basic All Fours, but with the following extensions. The dealer receives 1 scoring point in case a Jack is turned up. Elder hand may "beg" the dealer to change the trump suit. If the dealer refuses, elder hand receives one scoring point and the deal is abandoned. Otherwise the dealer "runs the cards": Each player receives 3 more cards, and a new card is turned up for trumps. If the new card is of the same suit, the process is repeated as often as necessary.
It is unclear what happens if a Jack is turned up while running the cards, especially if it is of the same suit as the originally turned up card. It is unclear what happens if running the cards depletes the stock. It appears that after running the cards more tricks are played, although that is not made explicit.
Variation:
As described by Cotton, but with the following modifications. Clarifies that eldest hand may not beg more than once. Upon playing one's highest or lowest trump one may ask the opponent whether it is the highest or lowest trump in play. (In an 1814 Hoyle it is mentioned that 4 can also play. An 1845 Hoyle says that 2×2 can play and that after running the cards, cards are discarded down to six.)
As described by Cotton, but with the following modifications. If eldest hand begs and the dealer refuses, each opposing party scores 1 point for the "gift", but the game is continued with the original trump suit. If running the cards cannot be continued because the stock is depleted, the deal is abandoned and the same dealer deals again. If more than two play, only the dealer and eldest hand may look at their cards before the trump suit is settled. This prevents the flow of information. In a tie for Game, eldest hand scores 1 point for Game. The game is played for 7 scoring points.
Variations:
As described by Cotton, but with the following modifications. If eldest hand begs and the dealer refuses, each opposing party scores 1 point, but the game is continued with the original trump suit. The point for turning up a Jack is awarded to the dealer each time the card is eligible for making trumps, i.e. it is awarded if the first card turned up is a Jack, and also if the final card turned up in running the cards is a Jack. If running the cards cannot be continued because the stock is depleted, the deal is abandoned and the same dealer deals again. If more than two play, only the dealer and eldest hand may look at their cards before the trump suit is settled. This prevents the flow of information. If the cards were run, all players discard as many as necessary to get down to 6 cards. The game is played for 7 points.
Minor variant:
Like Basic All Fours but the trump suit is determined by cutting before the dealer shuffles again and deals. While the stock lasts, players draw a new card each after every trick (winner of the trick first). Before the stock is empty there is no obligation to follow suit. The point for Low is awarded to the player who wins the lowest trump (always Two of trumps in this game) in a trick. Played for 7 scoring points.
Like Shasta Sam, but the stock is placed on the table face up.
Like Pitch, but eldest hand must offer to sell the privilege of pitching, and it comes with an obligation to win a certain number of scoring points. Starting with the player who sits after eldest hand, the players in turn get one chance to bid 1–4 points for the privilege of pitching, or pass. Each bid must be higher than the previous one. Eldest hand immediately scores the amount of the bid. A highest bidder who does not win at least as many points as bid is set back by the amount of the bid instead of scoring any points won. A player can be "in the hole", i.e. have a negative score. Eldest hand may refuse to sell the right to pitch to the highest bidder, in which case eldest takes over the obligation to win as many points as bid. "Bidder goes out first", i.e. any points won by the highest bidder accrue out of order, before any points won by another party. A bidder is not allowed to bid so high that it would allow eldest hand to win the game.
Like Pitch, but players bid for the privilege of pitching. Starting with eldest hand, the players in turn get one chance to bid 1–4 points for the privilege of pitching, or pass. Each bid must be higher than the previous one. The highest bidder "pitches", i.e. leads to the first trick and thereby establishes the trump suit. A highest bidder who does not win at least as many points as bid is set back by the amount of the bid instead of scoring any points won. A player can be "in the hole", i.e. have a negative score. "Bidder goes out first", i.e. any points won by the highest bidder accrue out of order, before any points won by another party.
Minor variations:
Like Basic All Fours, but with the following extensions. The game-rotation is counter-clockwise. Elder hand may "beg" the dealer to change the trump suit. If the dealer refuses, elder hand receives one scoring point and the original trump suit stays. Otherwise the dealer "runs the cards": Each player receives 3 more cards, and a new card is turned up for trumps. If the new card is of the same suit, the process is repeated as often as necessary. All cards that were dealt are used in trick-play. The dealer immediately wins scoring points each time an Ace (1 point), Six (2 points) or Jack (3 points) is turned up. If running the cards exhausts the stock, the deal is abandoned and the same dealer deals again, the dealer's party keeping all points won for turn-up cards. A party winning the Jack of trumps from the opponents scores 3 points for Jack rather than just 1 point. The game is played for 14 points.
Minor variations:
Like Basic Pitch. Dealing happens in three rounds rather than three batches. Side payments are made for winning all four points in a single hand.
Minor variations:
Bartok, also known as Warthog or Bartog is a member of the Crazy Eight Family. It's a fast paced and simple game, that can easily become much more complex as the game goes on. The only limit is your imagination.
There is typically no scoring system and the goal is simply to empty your hand.
Players 2+
The dealer deals 7 cards to each player and turns the last card face up. This is the waste pile. 
The player to the dealers left then takes their turn. They can play any card of the same number or suit on to the waste pile.
Play continues clockwise until someone goes out.
If a player cannot play, they must draw a card and end their turn.
Should the deck run out, simply take the top card off of the waste pile, place it face up to make a new waste pile, then turn the remaining waste pile face down to create the new deck.
When down to one card, the player must call out "Bartok", failure to do so, if noticed will require a card be picked up. This punishment applies to all broken rules if noticed before the next player plays.
The winner is now the dealer and a new round begins. The winner must now make up a new rule to continue playing. As an example; Aces now allow you to change suit. Another example would be; If a Black Jack is played the next player has to recite a limerick.
The rules added can be as strange and bizzare as you want, sky's the limit.
To play Blackjack (other times called "21") one must have all the cards of a deck except the jokers.
The goal of Blackjack is to get 21, the best score, or less by adding up the value of the cards. Numbered cards have the value of the number on the card. Face cards (Jack, Queen, and King) have a value of 10. The Ace card can have a value of one or 11.
The player with the highest score less than 21 compared to the other players wins the game. Any player with a score greater than 21 loses the game. This is called a "bust" also known as a "boot".
To deal in Blackjack one (first shuffles deck) and then gives a card to each player in a clockwise rotation with the first card dealt face-down then the second card dealt face-up. After the dealing each player should have only two cards.
Each player has two cards with one exposed to the other players. The player can not hold both cards in his hands as not to be seen. The player looks at the face-down card by lifting one edge to look at the number and not to expose the entire card to the other players.
If the player has 21 the player automatically wins unless tied with another player. If the player has less than 21 the player says "hit me" so that the dealer can give a card to the player. Once the player reaches a number higher than 21 the player "busts" or loses. If a player doesn't want to risk busting and stays with a number less than that of 21 he must have the highest number compared to the other players if that it is less than 21.
Canasta is a card game that is like rummy. It is played with two decks of cards, including jokers. 
The object of the game is to get 5,000 points before your opponents. You get points for making canastas (300 or 500 points), red threes (100 points each, but 800 if you get all four), and for cards melded. You lose points for cards in your hand. Usually, 4-6 hands must be played.
The game ends when all cards have been drawn or a player "goes out". A player can go out if he has melded or discarded all cards in hand and has at least 500 points in canastas. When the game is ended, players get points for cards melded and lose points for cards in hand. Those points are:
A set of cards is called a pack. There are several types of pack, most of them variants on the normal pack about to be described.
The normal pack has 52 cards in it. These are split into four types, known as suits, called hearts, clubs, diamonds and spades. There are numbers on the cards, and there is one card of each number in each suit. Some of the cards have a letter rather than a number on them: ones have the letter A on them, and are known as aces, elevens, twelves and thirteens are known as Jacks, Queens and Kings, and have the letters J, Q, and K on them. Some games use special cards called jokers. If jokers are used, there are usually one or two, producing 53 or 54 cards in the pack. Some games such as Canasta use more than one normal pack combined together as a single unit, a few games (some Canasta variants, as well as many table banking games) using as many as four or six combined packs.
The following cards are in the normal pack (excluding jokers):
Several games make use of truncated packs. These are the normal pack from which one or more cards have been deleted. As with the normal pack, some games such as Pinochle exist that use two or more truncated packs combined together. Following is a list of the more common truncated packs.
Piquet pack: The normal pack without any twos through sixes (32 cards), probably first used in the game of the same name. Also used in many German origin card games such as Skat and sometimes, though no longer often, in Euchre.
Euchre pack: The normal pack without any twos through eights (24 cards), most commonly now used in the game of that name.
Pinochle pack: Two Euchre packs combined together (48 cards). There is also the Bezique pack which consists of two Piquet packs combined together (64 cards). Both are used in very similar games, in particular the two-handed variation of Pinochle is playable with either with almost no changes.
Spanish/Italian pack: The normal pack without any eights, nines, or tens (40 cards), used in a variety of games most commonly of Spanish and sometimes Italian origin, such as Ombre, Tressette, or Conquian. Can use either the standard suits or the Mediterranean suits of Swords, Batons, Coins, and Cups (the latter often combined with face cards numbered 12, 11, and 10 for King, Queen, and Jack respectively, and in the Italian deck the cards of equivalent ranks are known as the Re, Cavallo, and Fante respectively). Combined 40 card packs are rare, the only really well known game to use them being the gambling Conquian variant Panguingue.
48, 49, 50, or 51 card packs are sometimes used in trick-taking games that otherwise would use the normal pack, where it is necessary for the entire deck to distribute evenly to every player and some other number than two or four are playing, such as Hearts. Typically one or more low cards of no significant importance are removed to make the number of cards suitable (one card for three players, two for five players, three for seven players, or four for six or eight players).
With the exception of the 63-card pack once manufactured for the six-hand version of 500 (which added 11s and 12s of each suit and 13s of two suits, these cards ranking in numeric order above the 10 but below the Jack), expanded packs almost always involve the addition of one or more additional suits. The most common expanded packs are based on the Tarot configuration.
The standard Tarot pack configuration consists of 78 cards, the standard 52 (although the Ace is normally simply indexed as 1 rather than the more normal A) plus an additional face card per suit (the Knight or Cavalier, which ranks between the Queen and Jack), a unique suit (often a fixed trump suit) of 21 cards numbered 1 through 21, and finally a special card called the Fool. As with the Spanish and Italian style pack, the Tarot deck can use either standard playing card suits (often known as a "French suited" deck) or the Mediterranean suits. Tarots published with divination use in mind virtually exclusively use the Mediterranean suits (often with a further change of suit names, namely Wands rather than Batons and/or Pentacles rather than Coins), ones published exclusively for game play tend to be French suited.
As with the standard pack, truncated Tarot packs are possible, the most common probably being the German Tarok (used in games such as Tapp Tarok) of 54 cards (omitting the 1 through 6 in clubs and spades and the 5 through 10 in hearts and diamonds, keeping all 22 trumps, of which the Fool normally is an ordinary card ranking as the 22).
Other, less common, expanded packs with additional suits exist, such as the 65 card deck created for five-suited Bridge.
Clock, sometimes called clock solitaire, is a card game played by one person. The goal is to put all the cards into their right time space before finding all the Kings. It is a game of luck.
The goal of the game is to move all the cards in the 13 piles into different places around the clock with each card in the right spot. All four ace cards should be in the one o'clock spot, all four "2" cards should be in the 2 o'clock spot and so on. Look at the picture to see where all the cards should be. The "jack" cards go in the eleven o'clock space and the "queen" card goes into the twelve o'clock space. The Kings go in the center.
Note: The 13th pile, the one in the middle of the circle is also called "the hand".
Durak (Russian дурак, meaning "fool") is one of the most popular card games in Russia and Eastern Europe, although it is occasionally seen in the West as well. It can be played with anywhere from 2 to 6 players, although 3 and 4 player games work best.
Durak is somewhat unusual among card games in that there is (in most variants) a loser, but no winners. The goal of the game is to avoid being the last player with cards left in his hand. Some variations have the reverse: the first player to get rid of his cards wins.
Most often, a deck consisting of only 36 cards is used (6 to Ace in each suit, with Ace high).
First, select a player to be the dealer. That person shuffles the cards and deals six cards to each player, one at a time. Then turn one card face-up for everyone to see. The suit of that card becomes the trump suit. Put the remaining deck face-down in the middle of the table, so that it partially obscures the face-up card. All players pick up their cards. Trumps always beat non-trump cards regardless of rank (e.g., a trump 6 beats a non-trump ace).
The starting player is the first attacker. The player to the attacker's left is always the defender. After each turn play proceeds clockwise. If the attack succeeds (see below), the defender loses his or her turn and the attack passes to the player on the defender's left. If the attack fails, the defender becomes the next attacker.
The attacker opens the turn by playing one card face up on the table as an attacking card. The player to the attacker's left is the defender. The defender has to immediately attempt defense in response to the initial attack. 
The defender attempts to beat the attacking cards by playing defending cards from his hand. One card is played in defense of each attacking card. Non-trump attacking cards may be beaten by either a) a higher card of the same suit or b) a trump. Trump attacking cards may only be beaten by higher trumps. The defending cards are placed on top of the attacking cards so that players can keep track of which card is defending against which.
At any point during a defense, the attacker or any third party can pitch in extra attacking cards, provided that for each new attacking card, there is already a card of the same rank on the table (either defending or attacking), and the total number of attacking cards does not exceed six, five if there have been no successful defenses, or the number of cards in the defender's hand, whichever is less. The defender must also defend against these new cards.
If the defender is unwilling or unable to beat all attacking cards, he must pick up all the cards on the table—including all the cards the attackers pitched in—and incorporate them into his or her hand. At this point, the defense is abandoned. The defender may choose to abandon the defense at any point during the turn. This immediately ends the turn. The failed defender loses her or his turn to attack; hence the player to the defender's left attacks next.
If, however, the defender has beaten all attacking cards, and no other players are willing or able to add more, the defender has triumphed. The turn ends, all cards on the table are discarded from play to a discard pile, and play passes to the left: the successful defender opens the next turn as the new attacker.
At the end of each turn, whether or not the defense was successful, the following action is performed: starting from the main attacker, followed by anyone else who contributed cards, and culminating with the defender, each player with fewer than six cards in their hand must draw cards from the deck until they have six cards in their hand. When the deck runs out of cards, play simply carries on without any more cards being drawn. At this point, when someone runs out of cards, they are done with the game, and everyone else continues. Each player draws as many cards as they need (e.g. if there are six cards left in the deck and the attacker has just spent their entire hand, they draw the entire deck and no one else draws any cards). The order in which this is done is strategically important since the last card in the deck is by definition a trump.
No players may examine the discard pile at any point.
There are different types of the game, in one type there are no winners, only one loser, in another winner - the first man, who leaves the game, without cards in his hands. The last person with cards left in their hand is the loser (the fool or "durak"). That person is the dealer for the next game, and the person to the left of the fool is the first attacker of the next game.
With four (2 vs. 2) or six players (2 vs. 2 vs. 2 or 3 vs. 3), it is possible to play in teams. The members of each team sit opposite one another (with two players on each team), or alternating (with three). The members of each team do not put down cards for their teammate to defend, but focus on piling up on the other team(s) instead.
The material in the above section has been taken partially from Wikipedia's article on this card game.
This game is a matter of quick thinking and even quicker reaction time. It's "not" the type of game you'd play to relax. It is a mix of slapjack and war.
There are many variations, but the basic goal is always the same - get all the cards. People take turns putting down a card, and at certain points one may slap the pile to gain those cards. Special rules apply when a royal card (J, Q, K, A) is played.
When a person plays a royal, the next person gets a number of "chances" to play a royal themselves. Otherwise the person who played the face-card gets the pile. If a royal is played by the second person, then the third person now has a number of chances, and so on...
Some people play with Jokers, on which you have 5 chances. These also can count as wild cards for Consecutives and Flushes if you are playing with those rules.
If you slap at the wrong time, or, for example, you see a double but someone else puts down another card before you slap, you must "burn" one or more cards, and put them in the bottom. 
Other penalties exist, including the inability to slap until someone else has, but this is the most basic.
You can use burning strategically by memorizing your sandwiches, e.g. 9-8-9, then playing the 9, burning the 8, and playing the 9 and immediately slapping it. This is especially helpful when there are two players, as you can near-indefinitely stall a game with this trick. To combat this, some players make the burn penalty increase by 1 burn card every missed slap - your first missed slap incurs a penalty of 1 burned card, but your second missed slap incurs a penalty of 2 burned cards, and so on. This resets every time the cards are picked up. Additionally, to prevent people burning to their last card then immediately slapping it, many players use a rule that makes it so you can only burn once per player per card played.
According to some rules, once you're out of cards, you're permanently out. In others, you can "slap in". The problem with this is that if you have no cards, you can't burn any. So "negative" cards are counted. At a certain point, such as -5 cards, the person is permanently out. Still others play with lock rules, where a person cannot slap in for 3 rounds. Some players increase the lock time by 1 or 2 rounds per missed slap.
Additionally, players not originally in the game may "slap in," but are not told the rules in use.
This book is about the most commonly played variation of Euchre and explains the various playing techniques and advanced strategy. Since all of the strategy is based on probabilities, the appendices contain some information in that area for the curious reader. Perhaps future revisions will contain chapters on other play variations and how it affects the strategy.
Euchre is played with 24 cards, 9 through Ace of each suit. Two teams of two players each face off, playing cards alternately (players from the same team sit across from each other), trying to get to 10 points first. Each hand, each player is dealt 5 cards, meaning that 4 cards are out of play. These 4 cards are referred to as the "kitty."
Euchre is one of many "trick"-based games. In trick-based games, one player leads (i.e., plays the first card), and proceeding to the left, each subsequent player must play a card of the same suit as the one led. However, if a player has no cards of the suit led, he or she may play any card in his or her hand. A trick is "won" by the highest card of the suit that was led, with one exception. Euchre is also a trump-based game, meaning that one suit is chosen to be "trump" and beats all of the others. In this case, if a player has no cards of the suit led and plays any card from the chosen trump suit, then the highest trump card played wins the trick rather than the highest card of the suit led. Whoever wins the trick gets to lead the next trick. Since each player is dealt 5 cards, each hand of Euchre features 5 tricks. Whichever team takes the majority of tricks earns points for the hand, either 1, 2, or 4 points, depending on the circumstances.
After dealing but before each hand is played, the players go through a process to determine which suit will be trump. This process is sometimes referred to as "bidding," since other similar games have a more-involved process that actually involves bidding. After dealing, the top card of the kitty is revealed and is called the "upcard." At first, the players are deciding whether or not to have the dealer pick up the upcard (and discard a different card) and make that suit trump. One confusing point for beginners is that the dealer always picks up the upcard, not the player who "orders it up." Starting with the player to the left of the dealer, each player has a choice to "order it up" or pass. If all 4 players pass, the upcard is left in the kitty, and it starts again with players being able to choose any other suit as trump, or passing. For example, if the upcard was the King of Hearts, then Hearts may no longer be chosen as trump. If the bidding gets around to the dealer a second time, he or she must choose trump and is not allowed to pass. Whichever team chooses trump is known as the "makers" and the other team is known as the "defenders." Finally, whenever a player chooses trump, he or she may optionally go after the hand alone, meaning the partner does not play any cards. See the section on Scoring below.
If you go alone and get set the defenders still only get 2 points you do not get 4 points for a Euchre.
The final often confusing point in Euchre relates to the Bowers. Whichever suit is chosen as trump, the Ace is no longer the high card, rather the Jack of that suit is considered the high card and is called the Right Bower. Additionally, the Jack of the same color suit (known as "next") is "re-suited" to be trump and is called the Left Bower and is the second highest card. It then proceeds normally: Ace-King-Queen-Ten-Nine. The confusing part is that the Left Bower is considered to be of the trump suit rather than its printed suit--which affects what cards you can play when following the suit led! For example, if Hearts is trump, then the Jack of Diamonds is the Left Bower and is considered to be a Heart, not a Diamond. So if a Heart is led, you may be forced to follow with the Jack of Diamonds, and if a Diamond is led, you cannot play the Jack if you have other Diamonds in your hand. This means that there are 7 trump cards, 5 cards in next, and 6 cards in each of the opposite-color suits. This asymmetry is the root of many strategic and tactical decisions.
In the rest of the book, we will refer to players and cards with a shorter notation. The players are numbered, like so:
where player 4 is the dealer and player one sits to the dealer's left. So players 1 and 3 are partners and players 2 and 4 are partners. When describing cards, we use the following abbreviations:
Since there are two opposite-colored offsuits, they will be designated O1 and O2 where necessary. When describing a hand, we will group the cards by suit. Since the same principles apply no matter which suit is trump, we will often use T, N, O1, and O2 rather than specifying specific suits. So, for example:
are the same, since it doesn't really matter that the suits are Hearts and Spades, but that it's Trump and one of the opposite-colored suite.
= Basic Playing Techniques/Tactics =
For the moment, we're going to assume that bidding has already taken place. If you are new to the game, for now just bid intuitively based on whether or not you think you can win 3 tricks with the given suit as trump. This section is about basic techniques for playing your cards out.
If you're positioned in seat 1, you have the sometimes difficult choice of deciding what card to lead with. Of course, every time you win a trick, you'll be faced with this same problem, but the very first lead is the hardest. There are a few important things to consider when assessing your hand:
Now, you have to weigh these considerations differently depending on whether you are a maker or a defender. Before we begin to answer these questions, we need to take a quick diversion to understand a couple of crucially important principles.
It is important to realize that there are basically up to 13 potential "winners" but only 5 tricks get played. There are seven trump cards that can each win a trick and the 3 other suits each have a high card (usually the Ace) and the highest card remaining after that suit is led once. Some of the trump can be in the kitty (but each suit will always have a high card) reducing the number of potential winners. So there are 7 cards in players' hands that will never win--"losers," 8 potential winners that don't win, and only 5 cards that do win. Some cards are guaranteed winners, like the Right Bower. The R can never, ever lose. Aside from that, you're left trying to figure out how to make your potential winners actually win and how to get rid of your losers. This all implies that lots of potential winners get beat by other, better winners.
One of the most common ways to ruin a potential winner is by trumping in. Many times you will see an outside Ace get beaten by a trump card. When a player is void in the suit led and plays a trump card instead, this is called trumping in. This is how low trump cards go from being a potential winner to an actual winner and a primary way of turning other potential winners into losers. Determining whether or not a player is likely to trump in on a trick is one of our primary considerations when choosing which card to lead, if you'll recall. Setting yourself up to trump in on a following trick or having your partner trump in on this trick are both good things. Having the opponents trump in and ruin your winner is obviously a bad thing. How do you know what to expect? Well, it's simple probability: the fewer cards the other players can possibly have, the more likely one of them has none. How many could the other players have? Well, that depends on how many are available and how many are in your hand! Next only has 5 cards while the offsuits have 6. If you have 3 cards in Next, then at least one of the other players must be void, with only 2 cards to divide amongst 3 players!
So if you want somebody to trump in, lead a card from one of your long suits (or Next if you don't have a long suit). If you don't want anybody to trump in, lead a short suit (or an Offsuit if they're all the same).
Another thing to keep in mind: once a player trumps in, another player might also have a void and play a higher trump card. This is called over trumping. You can even have 2 over trumps if all 3 players are void in the suit led! Over-trumping is obviously very powerful because it eliminates multiple potential winners all at once. From the perspective of choosing which card to lead, your main concern is that the final player will over-trump your partner. It is vitally important that you keep track of whether or not each player has any trump remaining so as to anticipate trumping in and over-trumping.
Because of trump's ability to turn non-trump winners into losers, one of the most basic techniques in the game is to "pull" trump in order to make outside winners good, or make them "stand." If trump is led, then obviously each player must follow suit, but only the high trump wins. This means that 3 trump can be wasted all in one go, preventing them from trumping in on other tricks!
If all the trump is gone, then the highest card of the suit led will win. This means that leading is extremely valuable, because if the other players are unable to follow suit, their potential winners are useless. It also means that your potential winners will be useless if you can't get the lead back! You get the lead back by trumping in or if somebody leads to your winners. Obviously, you and your partner work to capitalize on each other's winners and prevent your opponents from leading, but it doesn't always work out this way.
With the preliminaries out of the way, you can now try and decide between these choices:
When you don't lead, can't follow suit, and can't or don't want to trump in, what do you discard? This is one of the most vital things to know: if at all possible, discard a card from the suit that you want your partner to lead back to you. For example, say your partner leads with an Ace and you're void. You don't want to trump in because his Ace is winning. So instead you discard a singleton that you have, giving you a void. Now, if your partner leads that suit (after winning with the Ace) you will be able to trump in. Alternatively, if you have an Ace and a 9 of a given suit, discard the 9 and your partner can lead back to your Ace, letting you win the trick. This also shows that you need to pay attention to your partner's discards!
= General Bidding Principles/Strategy =
Sometimes bidding is easy--you obviously have enough winners to take 3 tricks and so you can just order it up. But the most fundamental difference between mediocre and good Euchre players lies in proper bidding much more than how the cards play out. The goal, of course, is to order up every hand that you can win and to prevent your opponents from doing the same, where possible. There are 2 levels to Euchre bidding: simple bid-what-you-think-you-can-win and bidding strategically.
All of Euchre strategy revolves around 6 points:
Because succeeding alone gives 4 points vs just 2 points for taking all 5 tricks together, loners change the face of the game. Calling loners and preventing your opponents from calling loners are extremely important. Beginning players are far too timid regarding the former and don't even think about the latter. Since the dealer can get stuck calling trump, sometimes you order up trump not so much because you like what you have, but because you want to avoid getting stuck with something "worse." If you have a really bad hand, then your opponents probably have a good hand. If your partner also has a bad hand, then you're really screwed. Since your opponents will certainly win 1 point if they call trump, and likely take all 5 tricks for 2 or 4 points, sometimes you call your best suit as trump to maximize your hand's potential, figuring that if you're set, you were going to give up those points (or more) anyway. Finally, pay attention to the score! If your opponents have 9 points, then you don't have to worry about being set--take your best shot! You will see these principles discussed and used much more in the advanced sections of the book. For now, though, we're going to get on with the more basic bid-what-you-think-you-can-win.
A basic guideline: If you think you are virtually guaranteed to win 2 tricks and have a shot at 3 based on what's in your hand, you should order it up. In most cases, your partner will win a trick or your 3rd winner will come through.
How many tricks do you think you can win? 
Note: Some terms are regional but the use of each one has been verified by the crack research staff at the Euchre Universe. 
Alone – Term said when a player wishes to play the round against the opponents without help from her partner. See Going Alone
Assist – To order up your partner when she is the dealer; ordering from the power seat 
At the bridge – In a 10-point game, it’s when a team has scored 9 points and is only 1 away from winning the game. Also called In the Barn.
Bagger – A player who uses the strategy of bagging.
Bagging - This is when your opponent is dealing, you have a good hand, but you pass. You are hoping they’ll pick it up and then you can euchre them. This is also known as "passing dirty." If you do it, you are known as the “bagger." It’s not such a great strategy unless you are sitting in the weak seat (third from the dealer).
Bowers – The Jacks of the trump suit. The Right Bower is the highest card and it is the Jack of the trump suit. The Left Bower is the second-highest card and it is the Jack of the suit that is same color as the trump (the “next” suit).
Bubbles – Cutesy name for the Hearts suit
Columbus Coup – Term coined by Natty Bumpo to refer to the "Donation" strategy.
Dealer – The player who distributes the cards on any given round.
Diamantez – Cutesy name for the Diamonds suit
Discard – The card that the dealer gets rid of into the “kitty” (or talon) when picking up the trump card.
Donation – This is a defensive strategy in which you order up knowing full well that you will probably get euchred. Your intent is to concede 2 points to the opponents, hoping to prevent a 4-point loner.
Doubleton - Having only two cards in a certain suit
Exposed card – This is a card that has been turned face-up accidentally. Technically, it is supposed to remain that way and played at the first legal opportunity.
Farmer’s Hand – A hand which contains only Tens and Nines. In some euchre circles being dealt a farmer’s hand would result in a re-deal. 
First Round – The round of ordering that starts immediately after the cards are dealt and the up-card is turned.
Going Alone – This is a situation in which one member of the partnership orders up trump and says “alone." That player’s partner puts her hand down and is relegated to watching the action and sweeping the tricks. She is allowed to sweep so she feels like she’s part of the game. Getting all the tricks on a loner will net your team 4 points. Getting 3 or 4 tricks results in 1 point and getting euchred results in 2 points for your opponents.
Green – This is a term used to mean the wrong color. In euchre there are certain conventions that snooty, backwoods players expect you to follow. If you are sitting first chair, you are supposed to call the “next” suit. If you call suit that is not next, you are calling the “wrong” suit or the "green" suit. For example, if Spades is trump, the green suits would be Hearts and Diamonds. 
Hook – A common term for a Jack. (The J looks a bit like a hook, right?) You will often hear people calling for a “hook” to be turned over when they are dealing.
Horse – The 6 card used for scorekeeping
"In the barn" – This means a team has scored 9 points in a 10-point game and is one away from victory. Also known as 
"at the bridge."
Kibitzing – Saying something that reveals information about your hand or indicates what your partner should play. For example, telling your partner not to trump your ace or to lead a certain suit is illegal kibitzing. There are forms of legal kibitzing such as saying “alone” or “stay home." Also known as table talk. 
Kitty – These are the 4 cards that remain after everyone’s been dealt his or her 5 cards. The top card of the kitty is flipped over, becoming the up-card, and is used during the first round of bidding. If someone orders it up, the dealer gets to discard one of her cards with the top card of the kitty. The remaining 3 kitty cards are never used in play. Kitty is a controversial term, as some euchre purists do not believe it is technically correct. Talon is the more “correct” term, but language evolves and while kitty may not have been correct in the past, so many players use it to refer to the remaining dead cards that it warrants inclusion in this work.
Knock – This is a hand signal used when a player wants to pass. One could say “knock” but it’s much classier to actually knock on the playing surface. Of course, no one ever said euchre was a classy game.
Lay-down loner – A hand that is so good that it will definitely be able to win all the tricks. The hand consists of 5 trump headed by the two bowers and the Ace. To be safe you would have to play the three high cards (in any order) first in order to draw out all the other players' trump cards, so it is customary to arrange the cards in such an order prior to engaging in the expedient of laying them all down at once. Also known as a no-brainer.
Leading – The action of laying out the first card of a trick. The person in the first seat left of the dealer gets the privilege of leading any card to start the game. All subsequent tricks are led by the winner of the previous trick.
Left Bower – The Jack of the suit that is the same color as the trump suit. It is the second highest ranking card in the deck.
Lone Ace – An ace in your hand in a suit in which you have no other cards. More generally called a singleton. 
Make the hand – To order trump and win at least 3 of the 5 tricks.
Maker – the player who establishes the trump suit by ordering up in the first round or naming trump in the second round of bidding.
March – This is when your team gets all the tricks and scores 2 points (or 4 if it’s a loner). This is also known as a sweep. 
Next – Refers to the suit that is the same color as the up-turned card. It is a common strategy to order up “next” from seat 1 in the second round of bidding. This makes sense because it’s likely that the dealer does not have a bower of that color.
No-brainer – Also known as a lay-down loner, this is a hand where the cards are so strong that no one else will win a trick (e.g., having a 5-trump hand with the Right and Left bowers).
Passing Dirty – This is when your opponent is dealing, you have a good hand, but you pass. You are hoping they’ll pick it up and then you can euchre them. This is also known as “bagging," and if you do it, you are known as the “bagger." It’s not such a great strategy unless you are sitting in the weak seat.
Paying Al - Term used by Chicago euchre players to refer to the "Donation" strategy.
Pips – The symbols on the cards indicating the suit. In a standard deck these are clubs, diamonds, spades, and hearts. In one Christmas deck the pips are snowmen, trees, elves and santas. Go figure.
Power Seat – The player sitting in the second seat left of the dealer. The dealer’s partner.
Promotion – Increasing the power of a lower card in any suit. This occurs when any of the higher cards are played on an earlier trick. For example, if you have the Left Bower and the Right Bower is played on an earlier trick, the Left is “promoted” to the highest ranked card.
Puppy paws – Cutesy name for Clubs
Right Bower – The highest ranking card in the deck. It is the Jack of the Trump suit.
Renege – This is when a player fails to play a card from the suit led even though they have one. When and if discovered, the non-offending team receives the maximum possible number of points for that deal, usually 2 points. You are allowed to correct a renege as long as the next trick isn’t played. Since euchre is such a fast-paced game, some “creative” players will try to use reneging as a winning strategy. It works well against opponents who don’t pay attention much. You must dispute it before hand is over and you must be able to prove what card was thrown. Once cards are shuffled a Renege is null and void. Also called revoke.
Revoke – Same as renege. 
Rider – The 4 card used for scorekeeping
Ruff – To play a trump card on a trick that was led with a suit in which you are void. This is the type of play that allows the lowly 9 of trump to beat a mighty non-trump Ace.
Screw the dealer – (Stick The Dealer, STD). This is an optional rule in which the dealer is not allowed to pass a second time. She is required to order something up except the suit of the turned down card. This rule has the effect of speeding up the game as points are scored on every deal.
Second Round – The round of ordering that starts immediately after each player has passed once and the up-card is turned down. 
Shake the bushes – this is a strategy where you lead trump. It usually refers to the first trick. If your team made trump then leading it is usually a good play. If you are the defending team, leading trump is less often a good play.
Shift – In the world of card manipulation (legerdemain) this is the act of reversing a cut thus putting the cards back the way they started. Highly effective and easy to pull off with a small euchre deck. Some shifty euchre players do this all the time.
Shovels – Cutesy name for Spades
Singleton – This means having only one card in a given suit. When it’s the Ace, you call it the lone Ace. 
Skunk – When you beat your opponents (or in the unbelievable event that they beat you) 10-0. In some euchre leagues where points count towards season placing you can score up to 13 points by making a loner when your team has 9 points. In some circles, 5 points is a game and a skunk would then be winning 5-0.
Squeeze Play – A strategy in which you force your opponent to choose between two equally good cards to throw away. It is an offensive strategy often employed when going alone.
Stay home – this is what you do when your partner opts to go alone. Used in context it would go something like this. “I’m going alone, partner, so you can just stay home."
Steal the deal – A common ploy in which a player attempts to deal when it’s his opponent’s turn. In most euchre circles this is a perfectly acceptable form of cheating. Against drunk and sober folks alike this trick is pretty easy to pull off. And the advantage is HUGE!! The dealing team wins the round about 70% of the time. So get your opponents chatting and gather up the cards for yourself. According to euchre rules, once the deal is complete (trump card is turned up), it is a legal deal and you’ve successfully stolen the deal.
Sweeper – The player that picks up the winning tricks for his side. In some partnerships, one person sweeps all the tricks whenever his team wins and the other partner keeps score.
Table talk – Saying something that reveals information about your hand or indicates what your partner should play. For example, telling your partner not to trump your ace or to lead a certain suit is illegal table talk. Some also call this “kibitzing." 
Talon – The more accurate term for the 4 cards left over after the hands of a euchre game have been dealt. It is more commonly referred to as the Kitty.
Throw off – To play a card that is not the suit led but is also not trump.
Trick – Four cards put face-up on the table during a single turn. The winner of the trick is the person who laid the highest ranking card in the suit led or trump. He collects all the cards in the trick, lays them face down, and leads a card for the next trick. A single trick is one-fifth of a game.
Trump – The suit that is the highest in a game of euchre. The smallest card in this suit (9 of trump) will beat the highest card in any different suit. Trump is determined by the up-card in the first round or the declared suit in the second round.
Trumping – Playing a trump card on a trick in which a different suit was led. Also known as “ruffing," this play requires that you do not have a card in the led suit. Since any trump is higher than any non-trump, this card will usually win the trick. That is unless someone trumps higher. 
Up-card – the card that gets flipped from the remaining four (called either the Kitty or the Talon) that determines the first suit that can be named trump. If everyone passes, the up-card is turned down and a different suit must be named trump or the cards are re-dealt.
Void – Not having any cards in a given suit. It is useful to be void in a non-trump suit as it allows you to ruff a high card with a small trump.
Weak Seat – The player sitting in the chair that is third from the left of dealer. 
Wrong Suit – The "green" suit; the suit that is not the next suit; the one that is the opposite color of the turned-down trump suit.
Fool's Paradise is an accumulation card game where certain cards have different point values and each player should try to get as many points as possible. This card game is best played with 4 to 5 players. At least 2 players are required and there is no upper limit, however as more players are playing in the same game, the game becomes less interesting and too slow.
Given a dealer (one of the players), the dealer will deal out one card to each player face down plus one card to the center face up a total of five times. All cards dealt to the center will be placed in a horizontal row (still face up). Players receiving their cards may look at their cards as soon as they are dealt (as they are being dealt). The remainder of the deck is to be place in the center face down, these cards will become the draw pile. Once each player has five cards and there are five cards face up in the center, the game begins.
The player to the left of the dealer starts first.
When it is a player's turn, the player may collect cards according to the rules (read the next section). Once the player has collected his cards (if the player is able to), the player must draw one card from the draw pile into his or her hand. Upon drawing a card, the player's turn is over and the next player to the left may being his or her turn.
Collecting cards is the essence of this game. There are some complexities to collecting cards, so be sure to pay attention.
To collect a card or multiple cards, a player must first choose a card from his or her hand, and then find a card or multiple cards that sum up to a multiple of the chosen card's value, where each single card collected is less than or equal to the player's card. Card suit does not play any role in collecting cards, only in point value (discussed later).
This is best explained with an example:
In the example above, here are the 4 plays explained:
All cards collected by a player are placed face down in a pile next to the player.
There are two instances where cards will not be collected on a player's turn.
The first is if the player cannot use any of his or her cards to collect any cards in the center. If this happens, the player must choose one card from his or her hand and lay it down in the center, then subsequently draw a card from the draw pile.
The second is if the player wishes to leave cards that would otherwise be collected in the center to be collected next round when it is the player's turn again. This can be beneficial since it allows for the player to clear the board. However, the player also opens up the opportunity for another player to steal the cards that he has left. This move is the Fool's Paradise.
When a player collects the final card that is face up in the center, the player is said to have cleared the board. When this occurs, after the player collects his card from the draw pile, the dealer must deal out five cards face up to the center.
Every time a player clears the board, the player is awarded one point immediately.
The game ends when all players are without cards. The player to play the last card, whether or not he or she collects any cards with the last card, is given all remaining cards in the center. After the game ends, collected cards are inspected and counted for points.
At the end of a game, everyone must count how many points they have. Here is the break down for how to count your points.
NOTE: the Two of Spades is actually worth 3 points, one for Spades and two for a Two
To win at Fool's Paradise, you have to be the first player to reach a certain number of points. This number should be decided upon before the game starts. A good normal number to play with is 50 points.
Four Corners has the same basic concept as any solitaire game. It is a single-player game with a modification from the original table solitaire game. The game includes four corners along with two sides, just like a normal four-sided table. This game consists of a standard 52 card deck and does not include any additional suites or cards of any type, including the traditional trademark joker cards.
To play you must have the following:
To play you use the sides of the table cards where it is portrayed like this:
The “S” represents the side in which you play the cards. The “d” represents where the deck is placed. The “-Hand-” represents the hand of cards that you hold while the game is in progress. Just like in the traditional solitaire you must add the opposite suite of the suite type of the card on any of the eight “S”; there is one addition and some may consider this an advantage of this game. Whereas in the traditional solitaire you can only place cards in descending numerical value, in this version you can place cards in either descending or ascending value. Also, you can draw as often as you want from the deck but be careful, for the more cards you hold in your hand the harder it will be to place cards on the board. In some versions of the game online, holding more cards will decrease your score.
To win in this version of solitaire you must deplete all cards from the deck and your hand.
The object of a trick-taking game is to take (or avoid taking) tricks, or groups of cards played simultaneously or in turn.
There's a further section explaining this style of game on much further detail.
Examples
Families 
The object of matching games is to play groups of matching cards before your opponent(s).
Examples:
Games designed specifically for playing in Casinos or for gambling purposes.
Examples.
Solitaire or Patience style games are typically single player games with a unique set-up with the goal being to get specific cards to the foundations.
Examples:
The object of a shedding game is to get rid of all of one's cards.
Examples:
The object of an accumulating game is to get all the cards.
Drinking Games are typically designed around drinking, though standard games can be adapted for this purpose. 
Examples
All other games that don't fit into one of the above categories.
These games often have unique rules and propriety decks.
This is a list of some of the words used in this book that you may not know the meaning of.
Hearts is a card game of trick-taking, played with a standard 52-card poker deck, that bears some resemblance to Spades and Bridge.
The object of the game is to receive as few hearts as possible and avoid the queen of Spades. The winner is the person with the lowest score when one player reaches a pre-determined score, usually 100. Every heart taken in a trick is one point. In addition, the queen of spades (also called the "Black Lady") carries 13 points. In a common variation, the jack of diamonds subtracts ten points (although this is not a universal rule). However, if one player can succeed in getting all the cards that carry points - all the hearts plus the queen of spades -- that player gets no points, and every other player gets 26 points. This is known as "running" or "shooting the moon".
All the cards are dealt out to each player evenly. In a four-player game, everyone gets thirteen cards. If playing with 3 players, the three of clubs is removed and everyone plays with a 51-card deck; when playing with five players, the three of diamonds and spades is discarded as well so everyone gets 10 cards.
After a hand is dealt, but before the first trick is played, each player passes three cards to another player in the following order: 
At which point, the cycle begins again. 
Whoever has the 2 of clubs leads the first "trick", or round of play, by laying that card face up in the center of the table. The player to his left then follows by playing a card of the suit that was led (in this case, a club), if he has one. If he has none, he may play any other card (however, many tables forbid the playing of hearts or the queen of spades on the first trick, making it "safe"). Once each player has played a card, the player who laid the highest card of the suit led takes the trick and lays it aside, face down. (If there is a kitty, he takes one or all of the cards from it as well.) He then proceeds to lead the next trick with a card of his choice from his hand. However, no player can lead with a heart until "hearts have been broken," i.e. until hearts have been played and taken in a previous trick. Play continues in this way until everyone's hand has been exhausted. Everyone counts how many hearts/queen of spades they have collected, points are tallied accordingly, the deck is reshuffled, and the player to the left of the previous dealer deals a new hand. Usually, the game ends when one player's score exceeds some predetermined limit such as 100 points. 
Hearts is a game with several variations, any of which can be combined to form a number of variants. To avoid disputes, the question of which of these rules are in effect should be decided before starting a game. 
If there aren't four players, instead of removing cards from the deck as described above, there can instead be a "kitty" containing the remainder of the cards after the deal. These cards are taken with the first few tricks. At some tables, the first trick takes one card, and the second trick takes the next, until the kitty is exhausted. At others, the first trick takes all the cards in the kitty. Others play such that the first card is claimed by the winner of the first trick, but the second card is claimed by the winner of the last trick.
In general, the first trick is mandated as "safe"; that is, no one can play score-altering cards on the first trick. However, this does not prevent the player who takes the first trick from taking ("eating") a heart, or even the queen of spades, if he takes one from the kitty.
Alternately, if there are three or five players, one or two Jokers can be added to the deck so there is no kitty. If five people are playing, a third joker from another deck can be used. Jokers in this game are usually played as valueless cards that always follow suit, but cannot win a trick and do not count as points even if they would technically count as a heart when played.
In addition to hearts counting as points, the Queen of Spades, known as the Black Lady, is virtually always a penalty card, costing the player who wins the trick in which it is played 13 points. Thus there are 26 penalty points to be given out each hand, half of them on a single card. Optional, but still common, is to make the Jack of Diamonds a bonus card; the player winning the trick containing this card subtracts ten penalty points from their score. Another variant, "hooligan" hearts, assigns a value of +7 to 7.
This is a somewhat-popular variant of the regular Hearts. All standard rules apply as usual, the only difference being that all hearts are now worth their number face value instead of one point apiece (Jack, Queen, King, and Ace of Hearts become 11, 12, 13, and 14 points apiece, respectively). The Queen of Spades is still valued at 13 points. Because the points are racked up much more quickly, generally this game is played to more than 100 points.
Although gameplay is the same, the readjusted card values make passing and trick-taking strategy completely different. The Q is no longer the most important card in the deck: players need to be equally aware of the higher hearts. As such, the K and A lose their importance. You need to be much more wary of other players short-suiting themselves and discarding hearts, as opposed to focusing on who has the Q.
A six-player game with a single deck allows for only nine cards in hand, and uses two jokers to even the deck. Some groups choose instead to play with a double deck. This presents some unique challenges and situations that do not arise with a single deck.
In the six-player variant with two down cards in the kitty, the first card would be taken with the opening trick, and the second card would be taken with the final trick.
Pass rotations extend the scheme used in smaller games. Begin by passing to the player immediately to the left, then the right. Follow by passing two spaces to the left and right, then three spaces, then four, and so on, until each player has passed to each other player once. The final hand in the rotation is the "hold hand" in which no one passes.
When there are two copies of , the search for the leading copy of the card begins to the left of the dealer, and proceeds around the table until the first copy is found and led. If all copies of are in the kitty, then the search repeats, but for instead.
In a seven-player game, the joker, treated as , replaces as the opening lead.
There are two variants of multi-deck hearts, based on two different strategies for resolving conflicts between two copies of the same card.
Because each hand contains 51 or 52 points instead of 26, and having a "bad hand" can give you over 50 penalty points, some tables choose to play double-deck games to 200 rather than 100. This also means that the variant rules that give bonus points for "even scores" (+50 or +100, and by extension, +150) have additional significance.
A player who shoots the moon in double-deck games may add +52 to all other players, or take a -52 bonus. Some tables also allow a "half moon" variant in which the shooter takes -26 and all other players take +26.
It is not easy to cheat at hearts due to the common practice of dealing each card one at a time. However there are a few main methods, the first being to look at the cards that are passed to you before you discard your cards. The second is to shuffle low hearts to the top of the pack and then deal them to yourself. You should be wary of anyone who collects low hearts at the end of a round or who shuffles so that they can see the faces of the cards. Lastly, you may not look at or revisit any discarded cards that have already been played.
It is not fair to cheat, though, and it is very hearts, so most people just play fair.
This section gives some example hands and provides suggestions for what to do in each case.
Passing: Certainly pass the 9. You have a good chance to shortsuit yourself of diamonds here. It may be tempting to pass the hearts, but remember that low hearts (2-6) are actually among the least dangerous cards, because they are very unlikely to win a trick. We suggest passing the two lower clubs as well, so you can possibly rid yourself of that suit too.
Because you have the Queen protected by five low spades, it can be safer to keep it than pass it since you are in control of when it comes out. Even if you are passed the King or Ace of spades, or a dangerous heart, you should be in good position not to win a lot of hearts.
Game Strategy: Try to exhaust either your clubs or diamonds (if they are passed to you). You can do this by playing the A on the first trick, then leading with a high club or diamond. You should be able to then dump the Queen off quickly.
Passing: Because you don't have a really short suit and have a lot of high cards, this is not an optimal hand. You don't have many low hearts or spades, which makes both the Ace of Spades and the high hearts dangerous. You have two options: passing all three clubs or diamonds to shortsuit yourself and hoping to dump of the Queen and some hearts whenever that suit is played, or get rid of the two aces and the queen of hearts and hope you don't get passed similar cards right back. Either way, expect to take a few points, but with a little luck you'll avoid the Queen.
Game Strategy: Play high early in the round to exhaust your high diamonds and clubs. Try not to break hearts early, otherwise someone may play a low heart and you'll end up taking it with your higher hearts. Focus on not taking the queen of spades - even if you have to take a few hearts.
Passing: Wow! Talk about a bad break. Unfortunately, sooner or later you will end up with a hand like this, so you need to know how to deal with it. In these situations you need to buckle down, accept the fact that you'll run up a lot of points, and work on damage control.
You have high cards, but they're spread out across suits, so shooting the moon looks highly improbable here. Most concerning is the lack of spades. If you ditch the K and get passed the Queen, you'll be forced to play it the second time spades are led; if you keep the K, you also risk winning a trick where spades are led; but there's a chance the Queen won't come out on that particular trick. Both methods are iffy, although it might be slightly more promising to keep the King, which allows you to dedicate all three cards to shortsuiting.
The hearts are also dangerous, but are probably less likely to win the Queen, so it might be better not to touch them. Dumping all three clubs is tempting - if you aren't passed any clubs back, you can shed the King once the first trick starts with the 2. This seems to be the most promising. You can also pass three diamonds, although that doesn't really address your liability, the K, and could result in you being forced to take the Queen if one of the other players starts flushing it out.
Game Strategy: Work on avoiding the Queen foremost, even if that means taking a few hearts in the process. If you are handed the Queen, work on winning all the early tricks to exhaust your high cards, then drop back and play a lower card once you've short-suited yourself, and try to get someone else to lead for the remainder of the tricks. If you don't get the Queen, try to get rid of the K safely (primarily by short-suiting clubs), after which you should be a little more secure.
Here are strategies for winning at Hearts. Although, like any card game, there is some degree of chance involved, there is also a large element of strategy and a smart player will find himself at an advantage over less informed, novice opponents.
One of the most important strategies is knowing how to pass. As a general rule, you want to get rid of the most dangerous parts of your hand and, if possible, short suit yourself (i.e., no cards in one suit) of clubs or diamonds. (However, you may get other cards in that suit passed right back to you by an opponent who also wants to shortsuit himself of it.)
Never short suit yourself of spades below the Queen; always keep spades valued Jack or lower. If you have four or more low spades, then you don't have to worry if you have any of the high spades and should concentrate on discarding another suit.
The most dangerous cards are the Queen, King, and Ace of spades. They become increasingly more dangerous the fewer low spades you have, because if someone leads spades more than a few times you'll have to play them and likely take the Queen. High hearts are also dangerous "if" you do not have low hearts as well (2-6), and should probably be passed on. Keeping "low" hearts can actually be advantageous because if anyone leads a heart, you can play a low one and not win the trick.
Bear in mind that you do not always have to pass on the Queen if you have it. If you are rich in low spades, it is safer to keep it, because you always know where it is and have control over when it is discarded. If you "do" pass the queen, remember to whom you passed it. If, on a trick, you play after him, you can safely take the trick without risking taking the Queen.
An interesting strategy is to pass on the 2 of clubs if you have it. Because that card always starts the game, and the first trick is safe from any point-taking, not having to lead the 2 allows you to play a high Club (which you may receive from the other player) "safely".
Pay attention to the cards passed on to you; they might reveal something about your competitor's hand. If you get lots of cards of one suit, that usually means the opponent wants to shortsuit himself of the suit. Receiving the Queen might mean he's low on Spades. If you get suspiciously low, unimportant cards, that might suggest he's trying to hoard all the strongest cards and shoot the moon, which you should consider taking your own steps to defend against (see the Shooting the moon section below).
An elementary strategy in Hearts, as in many Whist-family games, is to void or short-suit a particular suit in their hand; that is, to have very few or no cards of that suit in their hand as play begins. Voiding may be done by passing cards or through play of the first few tricks, or a combination. By voiding a particular suit, when that suit is led you may play any card you choose; you may try to void another suit, or you may play dangerous cards (like the AKQ, high Hearts, or face cards of any suit) to get rid of them, in the process possibly foisting off penalty points on another player. By voiding or shorting a suit, you also usually guarantee that someone else will be "long" in the same suit (having many cards of the suit in their hand), which can force that player to take a lot of tricks (and points) if they are forced to lead their "long" suit late in the game after everyone else has voided it. Voiding a suit as early as possible is thus extremely beneficial.
You should NEVER attempt to void Spades by passing them. As stated in the previous section, unless you happen to have the AKQ and no others, there is a chance you may receive one of those cards from another player and be stuck with it as your only Spade (a dangerous situation, as "flushing" is a very common tactic; see below). It is usually never a problem to be "long" in Spades, especially low Spades, unless your hand is so long (i.e. 8 or more Spades) that it may indicate someone else is already very short or void in them (and so can play penalty Hearts that you may take even with a low led Spade). Voiding Hearts is less risky, but again unless you have only high Hearts it's usually better to save a few low to middle Hearts (especially 2345) to guard against being passed a high Heart (and then being forced to "eat" it, possibly with others). 
Most players will attempt to void Diamonds and/or Clubs if they are fortunate enough to be dealt a hand with no "risky" cards like high Spades, Hearts, or Aces/Kings. Short-suiting Clubs in order to void them early is a good bet in the most popular ruleset, where the 2 must be led on the first trick and Hearts cannot be broken on that trick. By having only one or two Clubs, you can void them in a relatively safe manner early in the game. Diamonds are commonly voided where possible because, unlike Clubs where players will play their highest cards on the first trick to "safely" get rid of them, there are no "safe" Diamond tricks; any trick in which a Diamond is led could have a Heart played on it if a player has managed to void the suit. However, if playing with the common J variant (where the J removes 10 points from your score), voiding Diamonds means you will be unable to capture the J (with this variant in play it is extremely unlikely that a player will simply "sluff" the J off-suit to another trick, unless trying to feed it to another player like the last-place player).
When you're leading a trick early in a round, your priorities should be to either shortsuit or, if you don't have the Queen, King, or Ace of spades, force the Queen to come out by playing lower spades repeatedly (a tactic known as "flushing").
If you have the Queen and want to shortsuit yourself, lead with the suit you want to shortsuit at every opportunity, starting with high cards. Because nobody can discard the Queen to you, the worst you can do is collect a heart or two, which is far preferable to taking the Queen.
If you are the last player to play in a trick and you realize you will have to take it no matter what, play the highest card you can. This way, you get rid of a high, potentially dangerous card, without any further damage.
Being able to lead in the first few tricks of a round is generally useful to help control the pace of the game, but remember that as a round progresses, there will be fewer cards left, and it will become increasingly likely someone will be short-suited. Thus, if you end up leading in the last 2-3 tricks of a round, and have cards of only one suit that the other players are out of, you might be "stuck" with the lead, even with very low cards that would normally be safe. This danger can be avoided by opting not to win tricks when the players have fewer than 4 or so cards apiece, wherever possible. You can also try to "plan out" your plays in the early part of the round so that you'll have low cards in 2 suits left towards the end, thus lessening your chance of being stuck.
This is a no-brainer. In an ideal world, you would remember all the cards that have been played, but in practice this is not feasible for most people, so it's better to limit yourself to the most important ones.
Obviously, keep a sharp eye on when the Q comes out, and have a general idea of how many hearts remain (see below section). It's also highly useful to remember when the QKA in clubs and diamonds have been played, so you can determine whether your J is now the most powerful card in that suit, or whether there's still a possibility that someone else will win the trick with a higher card. The lower cards in each suit (2-9) aren't usually worth memorising, unless you're trying to shoot the moon. (More on this later.)
On the first hearts trick after hearts are broken, somebody will most likely lead a low heart, like 4, 3, or 2. If you are leading, lead low. The other players will use up their low hearts trying to lose the trick. If you lead a middle card, it is likely you will get the hearts. On the second heart trick, it is usually safe to lead a middle card, like 5, 6, 7, 8 because the lower cards have been used up. To get rid of the high hearts, discard them on other tricks.
The two and most apparent rules to avoid the Queen are to either avoid having the King and Ace of spades or to get rid of them as quickly as possible by either discarding or playing them when all the other players have already played. You will not have to worry about them if you have a long suit of spades or you have the Queen of Spades, though it may still be useful to get rid of them as they are high cards. In the passing you should never throw away spades below the Queen of Spades.
However, there is one thing you need to watch out for. If people are dealt or passed the QS short (i.e. with few other spades,) they will try to shortsuit and play the Queen when someone leads the suit. This is a good reason not to lay high cards after the first two or three tricks, unless you are shooting the moon and want the Queen or are the last person in the lineup and the QS hasn't been played.
To get the Jack of Diamonds, which subtracts 10 points from your score, you should keep your high diamonds. If you have the Jack, you should not pass it away. While playing, when someone leads a diamond, play one of your lower diamonds. If the Jack appears, you should take it with one of your higher diamonds. If you have the Jack, do not lead it unless all of the higher diamonds have already been played. You will not get the Jack by leading other suits because the holder of it will obviously not discard it unless he is forced to, on the last trick.
Shooting the moon is when you want to win all the hearts and the Queen of spades. If you succeed, you gain no points that round and every other player gains 26 points (in some circles, you have an option to instead take 26 points off your score). A variant is Shooting the Sun, when you win all of the tricks, then the other players get 52 points. This is a very dangerous thing to attempt, because if you miss taking even one heart, you get a very large sum added to your score.
It's difficult to shoot the moon without most of the high hearts (10-A) and a long suit. If you have 7+ cards in one suit besides hearts, including an ace and at least two other high cards, you should consider going for it. Try to trade off low cards in a suit you don't have much of. When someone leads the suit you have a lot of, make sure to win the trick and then repeatedly lead with your highest cards in the strong suit. If pulled off correctly, everyone will eventually run out of that suit and you can win every trick you lead with the suit, even with low cards.
If you suspect that someone else is trying to shoot the moon, you can try to stop them by saving two or three stronger cards for the last tricks, so you can snatch a few hearts away (remember, the loss of one single heart foils a moon-shot). A good indication someone is trying to shoot the moon is if he passes you very low cards that usually aren't considered dangerous, or if he begins repeatedly leading with high cards of one suit once the trick-taking has started and doesn't seem to be cautious about avoiding hearts.
There is a large family of point-trick card games with the distinguishing feature that Jack and Nine of the trump suit are the highest trumps. The names of these games are often a variation of "Klaverjas", being Dutch for Jack of clubs. This suggests that in an earlier form of the game, clubs was a permanent trump suit. Modern games of this family include the Dutch national card game Klaverjas, the French national card game Belote, and the Swiss national card game Jass. Games of this family are also popular in some locations in North America, in Jewish communities, in the Balkans and the Middle East, and in South Asia.
Almost all games in this family are played with decks of 24–36 French-suited playing cards. A notable exception is formed by Jass (played in Switzerland and Vorarlberg), which depending on the region is played with French-, Swiss- or German-suited cards. In most variants the point values of cards are as shown in the table.
The deck shown here has 36 cards, like the one used for Jass. The most typical deck for other variants is the piquet deck of 32 cards, which omits the Sixes. Some variants also omit the Sevens and Eights, resulting in a deck of 24 cards.
The ranks of the cards are also as indicated by the table. In particular the "aces and tens rank high" (i.e. before the kings), and the Jack and Nine of the trump suit (if any) are promoted to become the two highest ranking trumps.
However, two variations occur frequently enough that they are worth mentioning here.
Tens may rank low:
While normally the tens rank between the aces and kings as one would expect for a card that counts almost as much as an ace and twice as much as a king, in some variants of the game the they rank low, i.e. immediately above the nines. As a result these very valuable cards (in terms of scoring points) are quite easy to lose in a trick.
Picture card values may be lower by one:
In some variants of the game the King, Queen and (non-trump) Jack score 3, 2 and 1 points, respectively, i.e. each one point less than normal.
There is great variation in how trumps are determined, e.g. by bidding, auction or putting a card face up, which may happen before all cards have been dealt. In some variants "no trump" is also an option, and in this case almost all variants agree about the rules for trick-play.
The first player (usually forehand, i.e. the player who sits after the dealer and received the first cards) leads any card to the first "trick". Each player in turn contributes one card. Players must "follow suit", i.e. play a card of the same suit as the first card in the trick, whenever possible. Only a player who is "blank" in the "suit led" is allowed to "discard" a card of another suit instead. The player who contributed the highest-ranking card of the suit led takes the trick, placing it face down on a stack in front of the player. The first player in each subsequent trick is the player who won the previous trick.
All rules agree that if a trump suit has been chosen, any trick containing a trump is won by the player who contributed the highest-ranking trump, even though the suit led may have been a plain suit. There is, however, considerable disagreement about the precise rules that answer the question when it is allowed to play a certain trump.
Once all cards have been played, each player wins the total point value of the cards in the tricks won by that player. More points may be added for:
In the course of trick-play, players will occasionally trump a trick that started with a plain suit. And sometimes a player will lead a trump, resulting in a round in which every player overtrumps the previous players, if possible. These are typical situations in most Jass games, but different variants and sub-variants disagree about the details: When exactly can, or even must, a trump be played into a trick? This variability seems to be inherited from tarot games such as French Tarot; it can be regarded as the result of codifying the character of trumps in different ways:
These characteristics of the trump suit set the Jass family apart from most other modern trick-playing games, which typically treat trumps in the same straightforward way as whist does: In whist, trump is governed by exactly the same rules as all other suits. It merely happens to win the trick in some situations.
For describing the precise rules that govern trick-play the following terminology will be convenient:
This terminology makes it possible to describe complex rules by a short list of options, with the understanding that every card played is subject to the first applicable and satisfiable condition in the list. Thus it is easy to read from the example in the table above that players in Scarto must follow suit if possible; that a player who cannot follow suit must play a trump if possible; and only a player who is blank both in the suit led and in trumps may discard.
It makes sense to begin by considering only non-partnership games, and in partnership games the case that the partner has not played yet or does not head the trick. In the case of two-handed games the situation becomes even simpler, because in case a plain suit trick has been trumped no further cards can be played.
It is likely that all Jass games derive from a two-handed Jewish game. David Parlett traced the game back to a Dutch book of 1821 which describes a game called "Smoojas" ("Jewish Jass"). It is played with a 32 card piquet pack. Tens rank low, and picture card values are lower by one. As in many two-handed trick-taking games, there is initially a stock from which players complete their hands after each trick, and players may play any card without any restrictions such as following suit. Once the stock is empty, the rules shown in the table apply. The Wikipedia article for Belot currently describes rules of trick-play for a 2–4 player game which seem to correspond to this rule set. The rules for Manille (not a Jass game, although somewhat related) have the same property, although they differ with those for Belot in the way partnerships are treated.
Perhaps Jewish Jass changed its trick-play rules to those shown in the table under "Most modern games" before the variants for more players branched off.
In any case trick-play in the 2-handed Jewish and Hungarian game described by David Parlett under the rubric "Klaberjass" is as shown here (see also John McLeod on Bela ), and almost all modern Jass games agree with these rules in the 2-handed case, or for the second card played in each trick.
The rule sets in the table are ordered from most restrictive to most liberal.
This rule set is as in French Tarot. It is used in Belote, Coinche and the Rotterdam variant of Klaverjas (according to John McLeod and David Parlett). Also the German game Klabberjass described by John McLeod . Also Clabber as played in Indiana. 
This rule set is used in the Amsterdam variant of Klaverjas (according to John McLeod and David Parlett). In two-handed games the situation in the middle column cannot arise, and therefore both rule sets agree.
This rule set is described by David Parlett for the game Grevjass from the Faeroes. The same trick-play rules are used for Boonaken and Staekske Rape .
While there is a great deal of variation in Jass games, and some uncertainty about fine points of trick-play rules since they are so complicated, they are essentially standardised. Sources: , David Parlett, .
Rule set for positive Swiss Jass is also used for Pandoeren and a variant of Boonaken .
King Albert solitaire is a variant of the more commonly known ../Patience/ or Solitaire. It's one of three variants known as "Idiots Delight" due to the low chance of winning. The other two are /Aces Up/ and /Perpetual Motion/
As with the original form of Solitaire the aim is to get all cards from the stacks on to the foundation piles, starting with the aces.
The cards are laid out in 9 stacks 
9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 the remaining 7 cards form the reserve.
Cards of alternating colours are used to build on the tableau, eg 6h on 7s, only one card can be moved at a time, however any card can be moved to an empty spot. You can use any cards from the reserve whenever needed.
Klaverjas is a trick-taking card game of unknown origin, possibly Dutch.
The game is easy to learn and very addictive, but offers a considerable level of complexity and depth. The game is played in many different ways, but the core rules are basically the same.
Start with a deck of 32 cards (2,3,4,5,6 and jokers) of each suit removed.
The game generally involves 4 players, two teams of 2, with players in the same team opposite each other. The game involves the selection of trumps and the accumulation of points, generally 1001 points per set.
Each player is consecutively dealt 3, 3 and 2 cards (8 cards per player), the last card being kept separate from the dealers hand. Players pick up their cards and sort them into the various suits, players do not show their hands to any other player. The dealer can look at the separated card to fully assess the hand, but is careful not to show that card to anyone.
Once all players have assessed their hand and are ready to play, the dealer turns over the separated card and the player to the left of the dealer is then required to either nominate the suit of the turned up card as TRUMPS ("take on") or passes ("pass"), if passed the next player to the left does the same, and so on until the dealer. On the first round , only the suit of the turned up card can be nominated. The first round is performed as quickly as possible so as to ensure that players are not able to alert their playing parter to any particular strength in the hand. IF the dealer passes, the player to the left of the dealer then has a second opportunity to "take on" in any suit other than the original turned up suit. If passed the next player to the left does the same and so on until the dealer. If all players pass twice, then the player to the left of the dealer is required to take on and may revert to any of the suits. In addition to "take on" in a suit, a player may in the second round nominate "no trumps".
In taking on a suit, a player needs to be reasonable sure of the strength in the hand and the ability of the team to collect sufficient points to beat the other team. If a player takes on and does not collect more points than the other team then the other team is awarded all the points for the hand, this is known as "Bait".
Once Trumps or No Trumps has been selected, the player to the left of the dealer, selects and plays the first card, each of the 3 remaining player consecutively play their cards ("A trick")
This is a list of card games by alphabetical order. 
Most games will use the standard french suited 52 card deck or a variant of it, such as the Russian 36 deck. 
Where they do not, this will be noted.
Žandari
Mao is a card game that can be described as "Uno for sadists". As many experienced players say, "The only rule I can tell you is this one."
The point of the game is to get rid of all your cards, following specific guidelines. If you don't play correctly, other players are allowed to give you penalty card(s). Other than this, due to the secretive nature of the game, the rules vary widely. The following rules are not definitive, but they are common examples.
Players are dealt a certain number of cards, usually 5-7. The cards may not be touched until the dealer says "The game of Mao has now begun," and a card from the deck is placed in the center, similar to Uno.
You are allowed to play cards that are the same number or suit as the card below. Only one card can be played per turn.
Except to give penalties, and during a point of order.
If you wish to speak, e.g. to argue a penalty, you must call a point of order. Cards may not be touched during a point of order. To end the point of order, the person who started it must say "End point of order."
When you have one card left, you must say "Last Card"
Once you win, you must say "Mao" or be penalized one card. Now you may deal yourself back in and put a new rule in effect.
Once a player has achieved Mao and left the game, they may draw back in and introduce a new rule. The new rule must not explicitly clash with the original rules or provide an unfair advantage. Some examples of new rules may be: A player must do something specific when they play a certain card, e.g.: Grunt, say a certain phrase or action, a card can only be played if it is conforming to a numerical order or sequence, e.g.: odds and evens, fibonacci, prime numbers. Rules can also be based off any form of nonsense. A player might be asked to make a silly noise corresponding with a card if a rule regarding noise is in effect. Most of the time, rules are only restricted by the rulemakers own imaginative insanity, although, rules such as "I Instantly Win" or rules directed to a certain player are frowned upon.
The winner becomes the dealer for the next game, and gets to make a new rule. After playing for a while with the same people there may be 10 or more new rules to remember!
Have fun! Be creative! And don't be "too" mean to the newbies! 
Patience is normally a card game for just one person. However, it can be adapted to a multi-player version.
The point of the game is to get rid of all your cards, following specific guidelines. If you don't play correctly, other players are allowed to give you penalty card(s). The following rules are suggested, but they can be altered.
Players are dealt all of cards in equal amount. The cards may not be turned over and held in a stack faced down. The first player puts the first card in the center face up. If the next card opened from the stack is the next number with same suit the card goes on top of the center card. The first card open is the guiding number. If it was a 7 of hearts all the 7's opened will go to the center, the idea is to create 4 stacks of each suit. The cards that don't go anywhere go in a stack form in front of the player. If a player has a 9 of hearts open in front of him and another player opens a 10 of any suit he has to place it above the 9 of the opponent. After opening all the cards the stack in front of the player may not be shuffled it has to be picked up and turned over to start all over again.
You are allowed to play cards that are the next number as the card below.Your turn ends when you put a card on the stack in front of you.
Except to give penalties, if guidance is given.
The Penalty usually is 2 cards from each player.
When you finish all the cards from your hand and the stack in front of you.
The cards on the center have to go in order they were placed e.g. if 7 of heart was placed first and then the 7 of spades then you can only place 8 of spades on top of the 7 spades when the 7 of hearts has a 8 of hearts on top of it.
The winner becomes the dealer for the next game, and gets to make a new rule. After playing for a while with the same people there may be 10 or more new rules to remember!
Have fun! Be creative! And don't be "too" mean to the newbies! 
Nertz is a fast, real-time, multiplayer card game best described as a combination of the card games Speed and Solitaire.
Nertz is also known as Stits, Nerts, Nerks, Dooker, Canfield, Crunch, Nirts, Nerf, Gluck, "Blitz", Maxcards, Peanuts, Popeye, Pounce, Snerds, Solitaire Frenzy, Scrub, Stop, Squeal, Squeak, Squid, Squinch, Lapu-Lapu Dirty Dance, Swish, Racing Demons, Race Horse Rummy, Lucky Thirty, Grouch, Hell, Hallelujah, Hoorah, Mertz, Moofles, Flip Flip, Knertz, Nuts, Nutz, Nutsy, Kitz Nitz, Double Dutch Bus, Snatch, and Nerds.
A standard playing card deck per team or player is all that is necessary to play this game. Specialized decks of cards are not required. There are, however, retail game sets that include specialized decks available to those interested. Nertz-inspired games like the Nertz, Llc decks at Nertz.com, Ligretto, Dutch Blitz, Wackee Six, and Perpetual Commotion are all in close relation to one another.
Nertz can be played in teams of two, teams of three, individually, or using a combination of both individuals and teams. Each player or team uses their own deck of cards in a solitaire–style competition that requires speed and skill. The object of each hand is to try to be the first team/player to call out “Nertz” by getting rid of their (typically) thirteen-card Nertz pile. A game of Nertz is usually played to a designated score like 100 or 150 points. (However, some players designate a number of rounds to play to instead of a set score. Others just tally the number of hand victories without ever keeping a hand score and in doing so, the hand victory count determines a winner. Scoring is up to the individual preferences of the players.) 
For the players that do keep hand scores, the way to receive points during a hand is to play cards in to the common area. Each card a team plays into the common area is worth one point. At the same time a big factor in receiving a higher score is the amount of cards in a player’s Nertz pile. When a hand ends, each card that a team/player has remaining in their Nertz pile is worth -2 points. Therefore, it is possible for a team/player to receive a negative score. This does happen often. Thus, the more Nertz cards a player can get rid of, the better his score will be. (Depending on the variation of Nertz being played, certain cards can be given an added value when played into the common area or Lake.)
Teams that call “Nertz” (typically) receive a 10-point bonus for that hand. (Depending on the region, the amount of this bonus given may vary or be nonexistent.)
Every team or player will need a deck of playing cards that is clearly distinguishable from the rest of the decks that will be used at the table. This is because the decks will be getting mixed together in the common area or Lake and will need to be easily separated after each hand.
After sufficiently shuffling the decks of cards that each player/team will be using, each player/team deals a row of four cards facing up to form the Personal Piles or River. A 13-card Nertz pile is dealt facing down alongside, with the thirteenth and final top card turned up to be available for play when the game starts.
The team’s remaining 35-card pile is now used as the Stock Pile or Stream Pile. After all teams have finished setting their hands, play is ready to begin.
Play begins with one player calling "Go." Once a player has begun there are three areas he/she uses to aid in getting rid of all thirteen Nertz cards. The Lake or common area, the River or personal area, and the Stream or Stock pile are all vital to the Nertz pile. 
The Lake (common area) is used by all players to score points by playing on piles in a suited order and increasing numeric sequence. Players with aces available to play put these aces out in the Lake. Anyone can play on card piles in the Lake or common area. Aces always begin the center piles. From there, a 2 of the same suit may be played by any player on top the ace. In Standard Nertz, if an ace of hearts is played, a 2 of hearts can be played thereon, and then a 3 of hearts, and so on. In the center area, all cards must follow what has been previously played both in suit and in numeric sequence. 
The River (personal area) is used like the tableau piles in Solitaire in which you may only build down with available Nertz or Stream cards by alternating colors. You may also play the top most cards in your River into the Lake to free a space or just to score points. Again, River cards must be played in decreasing numeric sequence and according to alternating color. For example, if a player has a starting Nertz card and the following four River cards to begin with: A red King atop the Nertz Pile, black Queen, a red Jack, a black 5, and a Red 6. The player can immediately play the red jack on the queen and the black five on the red six. The player can then move the red King from Nertz Pile and move the next card off the Nertz Pile to fill the spaces vacated by the five and jack. Now the player can move the Queen and Jack onto the King, creating one additional space to be filled from the Nertz Pile. The top card on the Nertz Pile should also be turned face up.
Like traditional Solitaire, when players do not have any available plays within the Nertz pile or River they then resort to their 35 card Stream pile or turn deck to find available cards that might aid them. Each player flips over (typically) a three-card group from their Stream in search of playable cards. That player may only play the topmost of three cards either to the River or the Lake. If the third topmost card cannot be played, the next three cards are flipped, with the topmost again being the only playable card, and so on until the pile is gone through. At the very end of the deck, the bottommost card can be played regardless of whether it is the third card or not. Then the deck is turned over and the flipping begins again while properly maintaining its order.
To gain points, everyone must play on the Lake piles. This usually results in a very fast-paced game, as players naturally try to play on the center piles as much as possible. Whatever player lays his/her card down first on a sequence is awarded the play. Once a player/team has rid their Nertz pile of all thirteen cards they may then call or shout "NERTZ". Once Nertz is called play must immediately stop indicating the hand is over.
Once Nertz is called and verified, the cards in the center area are returned to their respective teams. This is why it is important to play with highly distinguishable decks, so the points are awarded accurately and each deck’s playing integrity is maintained. Each player is awarded a predetermined number of points for each card they have played in the central area (often one point per card). Each player is then penalized a (possibly different) number of points for each card left in their Nertz pile (often two points per card). So, using the one/two point system, if a player has fifteen cards played in the Lake or central area, and ten cards left in their Nertz Pile, they are awarded fifteen points, but penalized twenty points, for a total of negative five points. Typically, a 10 point Nertz bonus is awarded to the player/team that calls "Nertz".
Players on average play to 50 points, but depending on the desired length of Nertz games, it is not uncommon find players that play 100, 200, or 500 point games. 
Penalties and deductions can occur due to cheating or accidental calls, so it is up the players to determine what actions should be taken if this should occur. Again, use the links below to learn more about how others enforce penalties.
Nertz has many variations. For further details on variations, see the external links. 
Variations can differ by: 
For a very long time, Piquet was the dominant 2-handed card game. It features a remarkable combination of melding and trick-taking. One interesting feature is the strong asymmetry between dealer and non-dealer. The game is played with what is known as a piquet deck and has been used for numerous other games since. There are also variants for more than 2 players.
The game was originally played with 36 cards, but since c. 1700 it is played with 32 cards: A, K, Q, J, 10, 9, 8, 7. The rules have numerous variants, but the following deliberately vague and incomplete description correctly describes all of them.
The dealer deals 12 cards to each player, in batches of 2 or in batches of 3. The remaining 8–12 cards form the stock.
Elder hand (i.e. the non-dealer) first discards some cards, then draws from the stock to fill his hand up again. Afterwards dealer does the same.
Before card-play begins, the players need to find out who holds the better cards with respect to three kinds of announcements, "point", "sequence", and "set", and consequently has the right to score for them. "Point" goes to the player who has the greatest number of cards in one suit, and scores the number of cards. "Sequence" goes to the player who has the longest consecutive sequence in one suit. This player can score for all such sequences in his hand: 3 or 4 points for every such sequence of length 3 or 4, and 15–18 points for every such sequence of length 5–8. "Set" goes to the player who has the highest-ranking 4 of a kind, worth 14 points, or else 3 of a kind, worth 3 points. Often only Ace, King, Queen, Jack and Ten are allowed in sets. As for sequences, the player with the highest-ranking set can score for all sets.
Elder hand begins card-play by leading to the first trick. The second player to a trick must follow suit; in older rules there was also an obligation to take the trick when possible. In this phase players can score points for leading to a trick and for winning a trick. In the end, a player who won more than 6 tricks also scores 10 bonus points.
There are a number of ways to obtain additional bonus points. A player who has no court/face cards before discarding, scores 10 points for "carte blanche". A player who scores 30 points or more before the opponent scores at all gets another 30 points for "pic", or 60 points for "repic" if this happens before the first card is played out. A player who wins all tricks scores another 30 points, in addition to the 10 points for winning the majority of tricks, for "capot".
Since 1744, the standard rules for Piquet in England were those from Hoyle's "Short Treatise on the Game of Piquet", which contained 26 rules regulating specific difficulties. Later editors of Hoyle's Games added 9 more rules, but these were not considered authoritative. In 1873 the Portland Club developed a more complete set of rules for Piquet "au cent". This was followed in 1882 by the publication "The Laws of Piquet adopted by the Portland and Turf Clubs", which quickly became the English standard for both Piquet "au cent" and Rubicon Piquet. The rules for playing a hand, as given in that publication, differ in many details. Some of these differences do not appear to be justified by the different accounting methods. The rules for Piquet "au cent" are generally more conservative than those for Rubicon Piquet.
General principles for these rules are that in calling, a player whose call is not good or equal is only required to expose a minimum of information; and that any information exposed to the dealer may be deferred to after the first deal. Also, both players must discard at least 1 card.
Dealing: For all purposes (cutting for deal, calling and playing) the cards rank A–K–Q–J–10–9–8–7. Dealer deals 12 cards to each, in batches of 2 or in batches of 3. The remaining 8 cards form the stock.
Discarding and taking in: The first 5 cards on the stock belong to elder hand, who discards 1–5 cards and draws the same number. If elder hand draws less than 5 cards, he may look at the remainder, at least one of which will be drawn by dealer. Dealer discards at least 1 card and up to as many as remain in the stock, and draws the same number. If dealer leaves any cards in the stock, he may decide that both players may look at them. In this case elder hand must lead to the first trick before looking, or at least announce which suit he will lead.
Calling and showing: The "point" is always called first; the right to score it is won by the player with the greater number of cards in a single suit. The sum of pip values as indicated in the table is used as a tie-breaker. The player whose point passes scores the number of cards. The order of the next two calls is not compulsory, although sequences are normally called before sets because they must be scored before sets. (This can be important w.r.t. pique or repique.) The right to score for "sequence" is won by the player with the longest consecutive sequence of at least three cards in one suit. The rank of the highest card in the sequence is used as a tie-breaker. The player whose sequence passes scores the value of the sequence plus any additional inferior sequences, as indicated in the table. The right to score for "set" is won by the player who has the greatest number of cards of the same rank, the number being at least three and the rank being at least 10. The rank is used as a tie-breaker. The player whose set passes scores the value of the set plus any additional inferior sets, as indicated in the table.
Players are allowed to make understatements when calling, so long as they actually hold the cards they claim to hold. E.g. it is allowed to pretend that a sequence is shorter than it is, or to call an inferior sequence that one also holds, but not to pretend that a sequence to a Queen is a sequence of the same length to a Jack.
Each call begins by elder hand announcing a minimum of information (number of cards for point, length for sequence, size for set). Dealer responds with "good" if his hand is inferior or "not good" if it is better. If the information is not sufficient, dealer responds with "equal", and elder hand announces the tie-breaking information. Dealer again responds with "good" or "not good". When calling point or sequence the tie-breaker may not actually break the tie, and so dealer may also respond with "equal". In this case neither player scores.
Every card used to score must be disclosed on request, either by showing it or by saying what it is. For elder hand this obligation starts immediately after scoring; for dealer it starts after elder hand has led to the first trick. It is proper etiquette to volunteer this kind of information when it is relevant for the opponent.
Playing cards: Elder hand leads to the first trick. The second player to a trick must follow suit if possible. The winner of a trick leads to the next trick. There are no trumps. Whenever a player leads to a trick, he scores 1 point. Whenever a player wins a trick with the second card, he also scores 1 point. The winner of the last trick additionally scores 1 point. A player who wins more than 6 tricks scores 10 points for the card. A player who wins all tricks instead scores 40 points for "capot". Players can always look at earlier tricks and at their own discards.
Special cases: A player who scores 30 points or more before the opponent scores at all gets another 30 points for "pique", or 60 points for "repique" if this happens before the first card is played out. Equality in one of the three calls does not count as scoring in this sense for either player. A player who, before discarding, has neither King nor Queen nor Jack, can score 10 points for "carte blanche". This must be announced as soon as discovered. The "carte blanche" must be proved, by dealing the cards quickly on the table, after the opponent has discarded. Thus if elder hand has "carte blanche" he discards but does not draw, and tells dealer to discard (and not draw). Then he shows his hand, after which both players draw in their cards.
Partie: A "partie" normally consists of six deals, players players cutting for the right to decide who deals first (which is a slight advantage), and then dealing alternately. In case of a tie, another two deals are played. In case of another tie the "partie" is drawn. The outcome of a "partie" is also expressed in a score. Normally this is 100 points plus the difference of total scores. However, if the loser of the "partie" scored less than 100 points, the winner is said to win a "rubicon", and the value of the "partie" is 100 points plus the "sum" of total scores.
General principles for these rules are that in calling, a player whose call is not good or equal is only required to expose a minimum of information; and that any information exposed to the dealer may be deferred to after the first deal. Also, both players must discard at least 1 card.
Dealing: For all purposes (cutting for deal, calling and playing) the cards rank A–K–Q–J–10–9–8–7. Dealer deals 12 cards to each, always in batches of 2. The remaining 8 cards form the stock.
Discarding and taking in: The first 5 cards on the stock belong to elder hand, who discards 1–5 cards and draws the same number. If elder hand draws less than 5 cards, he may look at the remainder, at least one of which will be drawn by dealer. Dealer need not discard, but may discard up to as many as remain in the stock, and draw the same number. If dealer leaves any cards in the stock, he may decide that both players may look at them. In this case elder hand must lead to the first trick before looking, or at least announce which suit he will lead.
Calling and showing: The "point" is always called first; the right to score it is won by the player with the greater sum of pip values as indicated in the table. The player whose point passes scores the number of cards. The order of the next two calls is not compulsory, although sequences are normally called before sets because they must be scored before sets. (This can be important w.r.t. pique or repique.) The right to score for "sequence" is won by the player with the longest consecutive sequence of at least three cards in one suit. The rank of the highest card in the sequence must also be named, and is used as a tie-breaker. The player whose sequence passes scores the value of the sequence plus any additional inferior sequences, as indicated in the table. The right to score for "set" is won by the player who has the greatest number of cards of the same rank, the number being at least three and the rank being at least 10. The rank must also be announced, and is used as a tie-breaker. The player whose set passes scores the value of the set plus any additional inferior sets, as indicated in the table.
Players are allowed to make understatements when calling, so long as they actually hold the cards they claim to hold. E.g. it is allowed to pretend that a sequence is shorter than it is, or to call an inferior sequence that one also holds, but not to pretend that a sequence to a Queen is a sequence of the same length to a Jack.
Each call begins by elder hand announcing a minimum of information (number of cards for point, length for sequence, size for set). Dealer responds with "good" if his hand is inferior or "not good" if it is better. If the information is not sufficient, dealer responds with "equal", and elder hand announces the tie-breaking information. Dealer again responds with "good" or "not good". When calling point or sequence the tie-breaker may not actually break the tie, and so dealer may also respond with "equal". In this case neither player scores.
Every card used to score must be disclosed on request, either by showing it or by saying what it is. For elder hand this obligation starts immediately after scoring; for dealer it starts after elder hand has led to the first trick. It is proper etiquette to volunteer this kind of information when it is relevant for the opponent.
Playing cards: Elder hand leads to the first trick. The second player to a trick must follow suit if possible. The winner of a trick leads to the next trick. There are no trumps. Whenever a player leads to a trick, he scores 1 point. Whenever a player wins a trick with the second card, he also scores 1 point. The winner of the last trick additionally scores 1 point. A player who wins more than 6 tricks scores 10 points for the card. A player who wins all tricks instead scores 40 points for "capot". Players can always look at earlier tricks and at their own discards.
Special cases: A player who scores 30 points or more before the opponent scores at all gets another 30 points for "pique", or 60 points for "repique" if this happens before the first card is played out. Equality in one of the three calls does not count as scoring in this sense for either player. A player who, before discarding, has neither King nor Queen nor Jack, can score 10 points for "carte blanche". This must be announced before discarding. The "carte blanche" must be proved, by dealing the cards quickly on the table, after the opponent has discarded. Thus if elder hand has "carte blanche" he discards but does not draw, and tells dealer to discard (and not draw). Then he shows his hand, after which both players draw in their cards. But if dealer has "carte blanche" he may defer announcing it until after elder hand has drawn from the stock.
Partie: A "partie" normally consists of six deals, players players cutting for first deal (which is a big advantage), and then dealing alternately. In case of a tie, another two deals are played. In case of another tie the "partie" is drawn. The outcome of a "partie" is also expressed in a score. Normally this is 100 points plus the difference of total scores. However, if the loser of the "partie" scored less than 100 points, the winner is said to win a "rubicon", and the value of the "partie" is 100 points plus the "sum" of total scores.
Having shuffled the cards, the dealer presents the deck to the non-dealer for cutting. At this point the non-dealer may instead shuffle as well, in which case the dealer shuffles again and presents the deck again for cutting. The non-dealer is obliged to cut; the two parts of the stack must be at least two cards each. (In case of any irregularities in cutting, the dealer deals again.)
The non-dealer having cut, the dealer puts what was the lower part of the stack on top of what was the higher part, and deals 12 cards to each in batches of 2 or 3. Each player may only change the size of the batches after having told the opponent before shuffling.
If, due to a mistake by the dealer, one player has 13 cards, non-dealer decides whether the deal must be repeated. If the deal is not repeated, the error is corrected in the next stage in the obvious way, i.e. by the affected player taking one card less from the stock than otherwise possible and discarding as many as necessary to keep 12. If one player has 14 or more cards, dealer must deal again in any case.
If the talon contains a face-up card by mistake, and the card is not the top card of the talon or the top of dealer's 3 alloted cards, this is ignored. The case of misdeal mentioned above does not apply (that is, non-dealer has no right to repeat the deal). But this situation may arise with a 7-card talon when correcting a misdeal, or with a 9-card talon [when do the rules allow a 9-card talon?]
In some countries the local custom says that the dealer counts the first 5 cards of the stock and puts them crosswise on top the last 3. This should not be followed, as it gives the dealer the chance to notice special features of the individual cards.
If a player realizes that he dealt out of turn, he can insist that the deal be aborted and the opponent deals, even after players have seen their hands, so long as no one has followed to the first card led.
A player who has carte blanche, i.e. not a single King, Queen or Jack, can count them singly on the table and score 10 points. This has to be done immediately after the opponent has drawn from the stock and discarded. I.e. dealer does it before drawing, while non-dealer does it after both have drawn and discarded. These 10 points are subject to duplication etc. like any other game points.
Non-dealer discards 5 cards and replaces them from the stock. Non-dealer has the right to discard and replace 1 to 4 cards instead of 5, but has to announce this. Non-dealer may look at whichever of the top 5 cards he leaves in the stock. [Do the rules mention dealer's discard? Must dealer discard at least 1 card?]
A player who has taken too many cards from the stock but has not seen them, may simply put them back. A player who has taken too many cards and has seen them, must forfeit all declarations. The punished player's opponent scores all legal combinations unconditionally.
If after discarding a player has less than 12 cards (because he received less than 12 from the dealer, or because he drew less than he discarded), then this is ignored. At the end of the hand, the player with more cards plays a one-card "trick" or even a series of them.
Non-dealer is not allowed to encourage dealer to make a mistake, by appearing to wait for dealer to discard and draw before non-dealer has done it. In this case the deal ("coup") is annulled. If dealer erroneously draws before non-dealer for any other reason, the punishment varies according to local custom.
If non-dealer has not announced discarding and drawing less than 5 cards, and dealer took the stock expecting to find only 3 cards there and consequently has more than 12 cards, then the deal is repeated unless non-dealer agrees with dealer playing with the bigger hand.
Players must not even touch the stock before discarding, or they forfeit all declarations. After touching the stock, a player may not change the discard any more. In the worst case, if a player discovers having discarded too many cards only after touching the stock, the player will have to play with fewer cards as described above.
A player may not waive the punishment of an opponent having more than 12 cards, and may not fix the error by drawing superfluous cards as in a children's game.
Non-dealer adds the point values of the cards of one suit and announces the result, provided it is at least 30. He looks for the longest sequence in suit, with the highest ranks, and announces the length and the suit. And he looks for the highest-ranking quatorze (i.e. four of a kind of Tens or above) or threes (also Tens or above) and announces that. All in one go. One is allowed to announce inferior combinations that one holds instead of better ones, but of course that can lead to losing the right to score to the opponent.
Dealer makes similar calculations, but only announces what is better than what non-dealer has announced.
Now non-dealer scores for those announcements that were not topped by dealer. For point the number of cards. For Sequence the sequence announced and any lower sequences, counting 18, 17, 16, 15, 4, 3. For the quatorze or threes announce and any lower ones 14 or 3.
Non-dealer simultaneously plays out the first card for trick-play and scores 1 point for playing out.
Snap is a very easy game to play. Two people can play snap. It can be played with a pack of 52 or 54 cards, or with several packs of cards, if you want the game to last longer.
[face down] [face up] [face up] [face down]
These cards do not have the same value, so you should not shout "snap".
[face down] [face down]
Two aces are showing, so you should shout "snap".
[face down] [face down]
You can also play snap where the cards have to be the same color as well as number in order to match. This is much harder. In this version of the game if the red seven of hearts, and the black seven of clubs come up, you cannot call "snap". They have to be the same color, like the sevens of hearts and diamonds.
Klondike, also known simply as Patience or Solitaire is the most well known and popular of the Patience family of card games.
The aim of patience is to make get all cards on to the foundation piles, beginning with Aces and working up in numerical order until all four kings are placed.
Vegas Style
Standard
3-draw/1-draw. No limit.
In trick-taking games, activity is centered around "tricks". A trick starts by one player "leading" a card (or rarely more than one card), i.e. putting it face up in the middle of the table. Other players put additional cards face up on top until the trick is over. One player "wins" the trick according to certain rules. The following general rules are common to the large majority of modern trick-taking games and need not be mentioned when describing a specific game.
Players sit around a table or other space so as to form a circular order.
The game is played either "clockwise" or "counter-clockwise", according to whether the "next" player or "following" player is considered to be the one to the left or right of the "previous" player. The game is organized into "deals", which have the following structure.
One player, called the "dealer", shuffles the cards face down and presents the deck face down to the previous player for cutting. The previous player can either trust the dealer (often signalled by knocking on the deck), or "cut" it by taking off three or more cards, putting them on the table, and putting the remaining three or more cards on top.
The dealer then takes a prescribed number of cards from the top of the deck and places them face down in front of the next player, who is also known as "eldest hand". (Eldest hand is also known as "elder hand" in two-player games and as "forehand" in games of German origin.) The dealer proceeds to give the same number of cards to the player following forehand, and so on, and finally takes the same number of cards for themselves. This procedure is repeated until all players have the required number of cards. E.g. the dealer might deal 8 cards "in batches of" 3–2–3, i.e. give 3 cards to each in the first round, 2 in the second, and 3 in the last. If the game rules do not specify batch size, or offer several possibilities, the dealer has free choice but must not change the method during the game. Any remaining cards form the "stock". Once the dealer has finished dealing, all players take up their cards. (Taking them up earlier is illegal or merely bad etiquette, depending on the game.) The players hold their cards so that no other player can see them.
After dealing there is often a phase in which some details of the rules of trick-play are determined. Sometimes this is done by turning the next card from the stock face up to determine a trump suit. Sometimes there are many more possibilities, and the decision happens by means of formalized negotiations that are known as "bidding" or "auction".
Regardless of what happened in the bidding phase, if any, forehand leads to the first trick. In subsequent tricks, the player who won the previous trick leads.
The player who leads to the trick plays out one card, i.e. puts it face up on the surface between the players. The next player also plays one card, and so on, until everybody has contributed. The suit of the first card is the "suit led". Each subsequent player must "follow suit", i.e. play a card of the suit led, if they have such a card. Otherwise they must "trump" (play a card of the trump suit; in this context this only makes sense if the suit led wasn't the trump suit) or "discard" (play a card of a different suit that is not trump).
At any stage the player who contributed the highest trump is said to "head" the trick. If there are no trumps in a trick, the player who played the highest card of the suit led heads the trick. The player who heads the trick after the last card has been played to it wins the trick, takes the cards and places them face down in front of themselves, on top of any other, previously won tricks.
Once everybody is without cards, the deal ends and players count their trick points. Methods for this vary strongly between games, but two major methods are counting tricks and counting point-values of cards. The trick points translate into points for the overall score according to rules that depend on the game and possibly on other parameters such as what happened in the bidding phase.
Eldest hand becomes the dealer for the next deal. The game is typically played for a number of deals (divisible by the number of players) or until one player has reached a certain target score.
Many games are for 4 players in fixed partnerships. In this case partners always sit crosswise. 
In some games there are partnerships that vary from deal to deal, often depending on the outcome of the bidding phase. In such games all players stay in their original position.
Partners will inevitably form conjectures on each other's cards based on observations of the cards that the partner plays or how high the partner bid if there is a bidding phase. However, with very few exceptions it is not allowed to consciously pass on information to the partner using any kind of codes, sign language etc.
In a "2-phase trick-taking game", the first trick-play phase is as described above, but with two important differences:
It follows that players always have the same number of cards in their hands when playing to a trick. The second rule is a pragmatic consequence of the first: If a player does not follow suit in this phase, this is very hard, and often impossible, to detect.
The second trick-play phase starts when the stock has been reduced to strictly fewer cards than the number of players. (In many games it is empty at that stage.) It is played according to the ordinary, unchanged rules of trick-play.
Vegas Rummy is a variation of the card game Rummy. Vegas Rummy differs from other versions of Rummy in that it incorporates a betting system and improves upon haste of individual rounds. Vegas Rummy incorporates some of the similar features of all Rummy variants, most notably including melds. Vegas Rummy is a game that was slowly developed over the course of about one year. The goal of creating this variation of Rummy was to introduce a system of betting into Rummy.
Vegas Rummy can be played by any number of players, providing of course that there are at least two players. It is much more desirable to play with more players as the game becomes much more interesting to play. Vegas Rummy is played in rounds. Each game consists of at least one round, and although it is entirely possible for a game to last only a single round, it remains very unlikely. Each round begins with a shuffle and deal, and ends with the scoring of the round. The game ends once all players have reached or exceeded the maximum allowed points except for one player, namely the player who won the final round. All players start with a score of zero, and the maxium score defaults to 100 points. Player handicapping may occur by setting certain players' starting scores at a positive value. Game length can be changed by setting a lower score (shorter game) or higher score (longer game).
Before the game can being, all players must agree upon some details.
Since Vegas Rummy allows for any number of players, a single deck may often not be enough to satisfy the entire group of players. For this reason multiple decks must be used in situations where a single deck is not satisfactory. The following is a general guide for how many decks to use:
This formula accounts for each player in the game to be able to play at least 5 rounds before a reshuffle is necessary. This formula is a guideline and as long as all players agree upon how many decks should be used, there is no strict ruling on the number of decks required for a certain number of players, excluding of course not enough cards in total to deal out to the players.
Vegas Rummy makes use of the Jokers in a deck of cards. There should be two jokers in the deck, if there are more, you must remove the additional jokers. Jokers are considered a wild card and therefore can be equal to any other card in the deck (other than the other joker of course). Aces are considered High or Low (the player's choice).
Each player has a number of cards after a deal. This number should be 7 by the rules, but an alternative number may be used if it is agreed upon by all players. Lower numbers will mean faster rounds, higher numbers will mean longer rounds.
After the deal, there will be two piles. The draw pile is always face down, the discard pile is always face up. The draw pile contains new cards not yet used since the last shuffle. The discard pile contains cards that have been previously picked up or dealt.
The score keeper simply tracks each players' score. The score keeper does not have to be a player in the game, but often is. The score keeper can be decided upon by the players of the game. There is no advantage to being the score keeper. The score keeper requires a pad of paper and a pen or pencil.
The score sheet is divided into columns, one column for each player, with each player's name at the top.
After having shuffled the deck, one player deals out one card to each player face up. The player with the highest card is designated as the first dealer. If two or more players have the same ranked highest card, then, without gathering any cards, a second round of choosing the first dealer begins containing only those select players. This process continues until a single player emerges as the first dealer. If by some chance the deck runs out of cards when choosing the first dealer, all cards must be collected, reshuffled, and the process begun again.
After a dealer has been chosen, the first round starts. Players continue to play rounds until the game has finished.
Each round is composed of a deal, several turns, and finally scoring.
After having shuffled the deck, the dealer deals a single card face down to each player, including himself, until each player has 7 cards, including himself. Players may look at there hand as it is dealt. Once each player has their 7 cards, the dealer places the remainder of the deck face down in the middle of the table and flips the top card over placing it face up beside the remainder of the deck. This card is the designated wild card for the remainder of the round. If the wild card turns out to be a joker, then the only one wild cards for the round are the jokers.
After the deal is complete, the player to the dealer's left may start his or her turn.
A turn is a players opportunity to play his hand. A turn always begins with drawing a card, and always ends with discarding a card. A player may either choose to draw a card from the draw pile or the discard pile. It should be noted that the player who plays first in a round may not pick up the card from the discard pile. Once a player has drawn a card, he or she may choose to create or add to a meld. The player is not required to do anything other than the mandatory draw and discard. The card that the player chooses to discard must be placed face up at the top of the discard pile.
A meld is a grouping of 3 or more cards such that one of the following is true
When playing with multiple decks it is extremely important to make sure that suiting of melds is proper and follows the above rules.
When melds contain wild cards, special consideration must be taken. For type 1 melds, the suit of the wild card(s) must be specified upon laying down the meld. If the player omits specifying the suit before the end of his or her turn, then all other players may assume that the wild card(s)'s suit is open and my accommodate the next player who adds to the meld. For type 2 melds, the suite of the wild card(s) is determined by its position within the meld.
When a player creates a meld, he or she puts the melded cards, grouped together on the table face up in front of them.
A player may play as many (even all) of his or her cards on his or her turn. There is no limit to the number of cards that you can meld on your turn.
A player may also use another player's melds to play his or her cards. To use another player's meld, simply add your card(s) to the other player's meld.
Once a player has run out of cards by creating or adding to melds (over one or more turns), and then discarding his or her final card, the round ends. At the end of the round each player counts the value up his or her cards. The scoring of cards follows these rules
A players round score is equal to the sum the point values of the cards in his or her hand. This score is repeated to the score keeper who increases the player's game score by their round score.
After scoring is completed, the score keeper determins if the game is won. If the game is not won, the score keeper determins if any players have expired.
A player expires once he or she has reached or exceeded the maxium allowed score set at the beginning of the game (usually 100 points). Once this happens, the player is allowed to buy in for the decided upon buy in amount. If a player decides to buy in, he or she must pay the buy in amount, then he or she will have her score reset to the same score as the player who has the highest score without expiring.
Once all players wishing to buy in have done so, the deal passes to the player to the left of the dealer. The new dealer collects the cards, shuffles them, and a new round begins.
Players may join in to the game at the beginning of any round, however, the new player(s) must pay the buy in amount times the number of expires by the player who has expired the most in the game. The new player will also start with the same score as the player who has expired the most in the game.
A player may choose not to buy in after having expired, however this player cannot be in contention for winning the game until he has bought back in as a brand new player. It is not advisable to drop out of a game and then rejoin as it can be quite expensive.
Once a player has won, the runners up are determined by their final score, the lower the better. The pot money is divided up amongst the winner and runners up as decided at the beginning of the game.
Here are the values that you should use for a standard game of Vegas Rummy
This can actually vary greatly from game to game. It really depends on how much everyone is comfortable spending. A standard game of 100 points will usually never see more than 10 buy in's. So keep that in mind when choosing a buy in amount.
Good amounts are $1, $2, and $5.
This should almost always be 100 points, unless players want a different game length.
Because of the nature of this game, a handicap doesn't necessarily hurt the player all that much. It does give the other players a slight advantage, but in most cases the handicap will vanish after a couple of rounds.
This should always be 7 cards. In some cases, like when playing with only 2 players, you may consider 9 or 11 cards.
Games should be played with meld solidarity, without it games can get a little wild with all the card swapping. Playing without meld solidarity will definitely speed up each round.
This is not really necessary for games, it will help force melds to be created properly, and in that respect take a little longer to create, but in most cases it won't change the game that much.
This can vary from game to game, a good split is usually 70:30 split between the winner and the runner up. Optionally, the second runner up can receive a single buy in from the runner up.
Nothing yet.
To play War, one must have all the cards of a deck including the jokers. War is usually played with two players, although it is possible to include more players in your game.
The goal of War is to end up with all of the cards in the deck. You lose the game when you have no more cards left.
At the beginning of the game, you shuffle the deck and deal out the cards until all of the players have the same amount of cards.
Each player takes their cards and holds them in their hands FACE DOWN - you are not allowed to look at the cards. Then, when all the players are ready, they take one card from the top of their face-down deck, and place it face up in front of them. The player with the highest card takes all the other cards and places them all in his discard pile (each player can start their own discard pile in front of them on the table; the cards in it can either be face up or down). Each time a player runs out of cards in his/her hand, the player shuffles the cards in the discard pile and turns the shuffled discard pile into his/her new hand. This process is repeated until there is only one player left because that player has won all of the other cards in the deck.
When all of the players put down the same card at the same time(player A and player B both put down an 8), then there is a special rule called WAR. In WAR, both players immediately take three cards from the top of their hand, and place them FACE DOWN (without looking at them) on the table. Then, on the count of three, all the players place one card from the top of their hand FACE UP on the table. The player who put down the highest card gets all of the cards on the table (the ones from the beginning of the War, the 2 face down ones from the middle, and the final one from the end). If all players put down the same card for their final face up card, then the process of War is repeated on top of the earlier War.
