Horticulture is an effort to create a coherent and wide-ranging guide to the practice of gardening. The text is intended for use by horticulture students, horticultural workers, and home gardeners.
The project scope aims at temperate-region gardens, spanning the USDA Hardiness Zones 4-8.
=Chapters=
This plant attracts stink bugs, primarily Chinese ones. (Halyomorpha halys)
Abutilon theophrasti (Velvetleaf, China Jute, Buttonweed, Butterprint or Indian Mallow) is an annual plant in the family ../Malvaceae/, native to southern Asia. It is encountered as a weed in many other parts of the world.
It grows to 1 m tall, and has velvet-like, heart-shaped leaves 15–25 cm broad. The flowers are yellow, 4 cm diameter, maturing into button-shaped seed pods.
Velvetleaf grows primarily in cropland, especially maize fields, and it can also be found on roadsides and in gardens . Velvetleaf prefers rich and cultivated soils.
After being introduced to North America in the 1700s, velvetleaf has become an invasive species in agricultural regions of the eastern and midwestern United States. It is one of the most detrimental weeds to corn, costing hundreds of millions of dollars per year in control and damage. Velvetleaf is an extremely competitive plant, so much so that it can steal nutrients and water away from crops.
Velvetleaf has been grown in China since around 2000 BCE for its strong, jute-like fiber. The seeds are eaten in China and Kashmir .
Paperbark Maple ("Acer griseum") is a species of maple native to central China. It was introduced to cultivation in Europe in 1901 by Ernest Henry Wilson for Veitch Nurseries, and to North America shortly after. The tree grows very slowly, so if being planted as a shade tree, large stock should be used.
It is a small to medium-sized deciduous tree, reaching 10-18 m tall, and has smooth, shiny orange-red bark, which peels in thin, papery layers (mature bark is platy and brightly metallic-copper in color). The leaves are compound, with three leaflets, each 4-10 cm long and 2-6 cm broad, dark green above, bright glaucous blue-green beneath. The petioles and young stems are pubescent. The flowers are produced in small corymbs in spring, the fruit being a pair of winged samaras with the seeds about 1 cm long and a 3 cm wing. Young trees are upright, eventually developing a rounded habit.
Emerging foliage is copper-colored, fall color is bright red, in late season.
Some specimens will produce prolific seedlings in the garden, but due to the slow growth it is unlikely to become invasive.
Paperbark Maple is widely grown as an ornamental plant in temperate regions. It is admired for its decorative exfoliating bark, translucent pieces of which stay attached to the branches until worn away. It also has spectacular autumn color which can include red, orange and pink tones.
Deep, well-drained soils are recommended, as unlike many other maples its roots run well below the surface.
Recent attempts have been made to acquire new seed stock from wild populations in China because it is believed that the current gene pool of cultivated specimens is very small. Propagation of "Acer griseum" is somewhat difficult as seeds have parthenocaptic tendencies.
Pest and disease issues are rare in the garden. See ../Acer/ for a discussion of pest and disease problems affecting maples in general.
Due to the slow growth of seedlings, nursery stock often has problems with wrapping roots, which can lead to girdling later on if not addressed early.
Acer negundo is a species of maple ("Acer") that grows throughout much of North America. It is called Manitoba Maple in Canada, and Ash-leaved Maple (also Ashleaf Maple, Ash Maple) or Box Elder (also Boxelder, California Boxelder, Western Boxelder, Inland Boxelder, Boxelder Maple) in the United States. The American common names come from the pinnately compound leaves of "Acer negundo" that are similar to those on the elder ("Sambucus") and some species of ash ("Fraxinus"). The "box" in the name is thought to be because this maple's wood superficially resembles that of the box hedge ("../Buxus sempervirens/"). Additional common names include Cut-leaved Maple (because of the compound, or fully dissected, leaves), or Three-leaved Maple (because all new leaves from overwintering buds have 3 leaflets), or Sugar Ash (because the leaves resemble the ash, but it is a source of maple syrup). Its numerous and diverse common names attest to its familiarity to many peoples over a great geographic range.
This maple is a small, usually fairly short-lived tree that grows up to 10–20 m tall, with a trunk diameter of 30–50 cm, rarely up to 1 m diameter. The shoots are green, often with a whitish to pink or violet wax coating when young. Unlike most other maples (which usually have palmate leaves), it has pinnate leaves with usually five (sometimes three or seven) leaflets, resembling an ash or an elderberry, hence the two alternative common names; the leaves are 12–25 cm long, with each leaflet 6–10 cm long and 3–7 cm wide. No other maple ever has more than three leaflets. The leaves have large serrations and are inequalateral at the base of the leaf. Twigs under one year old appear purple or green with a smooth whitish bloom. The flowers are small, lacking petals, borne in clusters of 10-30 together on drooping racemes 10–20 cm long, produced in early spring. The seeds are paired samaras, each seed slender, 1–2 cm long, with a 2–3 cm incurved wing; they are wind-dispersed and drop in autumn, or may persist through winter. Unlike most other maples, the tree is dioecious, so each tree grows only one gender of flower and both a male and female tree are needed for either to reproduce.
A few botanists treat it in its own distinct genus, as "Negundo aceroides", but this is not widely followed.
There are two subspecies:
The species is invasive under some conditions, and can quickly colonize abandoned farmland, old roadways, and uncultivated fence lines, both rural and urban. The range is therefore expanding.
This species prefers bright sunlight. It often grows on floodplains and other disturbed areas with ample water supply, such as riparian habitats. Human influence has greatly favoured this species; it grows around houses and in hedges, as well as on disturbed ground and vacant lots. Although native to North America, it is considered to be an invasive species in some areas of the continent.
Several birds and some squirrels feed on the seeds; notably the Evening Grosbeak uses them extensively. The Boxelder Bug (also known as Maple bug) lays its eggs on all maples, but prefers this species.
"Acer negundo" is rarely planted as a landscape tree; its weak wood, irregular form, and prolific seeding make it a poor choice for most areas. It often is found in landscapes in some areas due to it reproducing from the many seeds produced.
There are some cultivars, including some variegated forms, that are available in the nursery trade.
Although its wood is considered undesirable for most uses, this tree has been considered as a commercial source of wood fibre, for use in fiberboard.
Acer platanoides (Norway Maple) is a species of maple native to eastern and central Europe and southwest Asia, from France east to Russia, north to southern Scandinavia and southeast to northern Iran. It is widely cultivated elsewhere, and is also an invasive in some areas.
It is a deciduous tree growing to 20–30 m tall with a trunk up to 1.5 m diameter, and a broad, rounded crown. The bark is grey-brown and shallowly grooved; unlike many other maples, mature trees do not tend to develop a shaggy bark. The shoots are green at first, soon becoming pale brown; the winter buds are shiny red-brown. The leaves are opposite, palmately lobed with five lobes, 7–14 cm long and 8–20 cm (rarely 25 cm) across; the lobes each bear one to three side teeth, and an otherwise smooth margin. The leaf petiole is 8–20 cm long, and secretes a milky juice when broken. The autumn colour is usually yellow, occasionally orange-red. The flowers are in corymbs of 15–30 together, yellow to yellow-green with five sepals and five petals 3–4 mm long; flowering occurs in early spring before the new leaves emerge. The fruit is a double samara with two winged seeds, the seeds are disc-shaped, strongly flattened, 10–15 mm across and 3 mm thick. The wings are 3–5 cm long, widely spread, approaching a 180° angle. It typically produces a large quantity of viable seeds. It is not particularly long-lived, with a maximum age of around 250 years.
Norway Maple is a member (and is the type species) of the section "Platanoidea" Pax, characterised by flattened, disc-shaped seeds and the shoots and leaves containing milky sap. Other related species in this section incluse "../Acer campestre/" (Field Maple), "../Acer cappadocicum/" (Cappadocian Maple), "../Acer lobelii/" (Lobel's Maple), and "../Acer truncatum/" (Shandong Maple). From Field Maple, Norway Maple is distinguished by its larger leaves with pointed, not blunt, lobes, and from the other species by the presence of one or more teeth on all of the lobes.
It is also frequently confused with the more distantly related "../Acer saccharum/" (Sugar Maple). Sugar Maple is easy to distinguish from this species by the clear sap in the petiole (Norway Maple has white sap in the petiole). The tips of the points on Norway Maple leaves reduce to a fine "hair", while the tips of the points on Sugar Maple leaves are on close inspection rounded. On mature trees, Sugar Maple bark is more shaggy, while Norway Maple bark has small, often criss-crossing grooves. While the shape and angle of leaf lobes vary somewhat within all Maple species, the leaf lobes of Norway Maple tend to have a more triangular shape, in contrast to the more squarish lobes often seen on Sugar Maples. The seeds of Sugar Maple are globose, while Norway Maple seeds are flattened. Sugar Maple usually has a brighter orange autumn colour.
Many cultivars have been selected, with distinctive leaf shape or coloration such as the dark purple of 'Crimson King' and 'Schwedleri', the variegated leaves of 'Drummondii' and 'Emerald Queen', and the deeply divided, feathery leaves of 'Dissectum' and 'Lorbergii'. The purple-foliage cultivars have orange to red autumn colour. 'Columnare' is selected for its narrow upright growth.
The wood is hard, yellowish-white to pale reddish, with the heartwood not distinct; it is used for furniture and turnery.
It has been widely introduced into cultivation in other areas, including western Europe northwest of its native range. It grows north of the Arctic Circle at Tromsø, Norway. In North America, it is grown as a street and shade tree. It is favoured due to its tolerance of poor, compacted soils and urban pollution. As a result of these characteristics, Norway Maple is displacing locally native hardwoods in some parts of North America and is considered invasive in some states, but is still widely used for urban plantings in many areas. Norway Maple itself is threatened in a few areas by the ../Asian long-horned beetle/, which eats through the trunk of trees, often killing them.
Bad crotching can be an issue, and since the wood is relatively weak the tree can easily split in windstorms.
Cultivars are propagated by cutting or grafting, otherwise the tree produces abundant fertile seed.
Norway Maple is generally free of serious diseases, though can be attacked by the powdery mildew "../Uncinula bicornis//", and verticillium wilt disease caused by "../Verticillium/" spp.
Acer saccharum (Sugar Maple) is a species of maple native to the hardwood forests of northeastern North America, from Nova Scotia west to southern Ontario, and south to Georgia and Texas.
It is a deciduous tree normally reaching heights of 25–35 m tall, and exceptionally up to 45 m (150 feet). The leaves are deciduous, 8–15 cm long and equally wide with five palmate lobes. The basal lobes are relatively small, while the upper lobes are larger and deeply notched. In contrast with the angular notching of the Silver Maple, however, the notches tend to be rounded at their interior. The fall color is often spectacular, ranging from bright yellow through orange to fluorescent red-orange. The leaf buds are pointy and brown colored. The recent years growth twigs are green, and turn dark brown.
The flowers are in corymbs of 5-10 together, yellow-green and without petals; flowering occurs in early spring after 30-55 growing degree days. The fruit is a double samara with two winged seeds, the seeds are globose, 7–10 mm diameter, the wing 2–3 cm long. The seeds fall from the tree in autumn.
It is closely related to the Black Maple, which is sometimes included in this species but sometimes separated as Acer nigrum. The western American Bigtooth Maple (Acer grandidentatum) is also treated as a variety or subspecies of Sugar Maple by some botanists.
The Sugar Maple is also often confused with the Norway Maple, though they are not closely related within the genus. The Sugar Maple is most easily identified by clear sap in the leaf petiole (the Norway Maple has white sap), brown sharp-tipped buds (the Norway Maple has blunt green or reddish purple buds), and shaggy bark on older trees (the Norway Maple bark has small grooves). Also, the leaf lobes of the Sugar Maple have a more triangular shape, in contrast to the squarish lobes of the Norway Maple.
The Sugar Maple is an immensely important species to the ecology of many forests in North America. Pure stands are common, and it is a major component of many forest types. It often forms associations with the American Beech, forming the beech-maple forest type, common in northern areas. Other associations include Sugar Maple-Yellow Birch (which is most important beyond the northern limit of beech), Sugar Maple-American Basswood, Sugar Maple-White Ash and Sugar Maple-Ironwood-Red Oak. Sugar Maples engage in hydraulic lift, drawing water from lower soil layers and exuding that water into upper, drier soil layers. This not only benefits the tree itself but also many other plants growing around it.
Sugar Maple is among the most shade tolerant of large deciduous trees. Among North American maples its shade tolerance is exceeded only by the Striped Maple, a smaller tree. Like other maples, its shade tolerance is manifested in its ability to germinate and persist under a closed canopy as an understory plant, and respond with rapid growth to the increased light formed by a gap in the canopy. The sugar maple can grow comfortably in any type of soil, except sand.
Human influences have contributed to the decline of the Sugar Maple in many regions. Its role as a species of mature forests has led it to be replaced by more opportunistic species in areas where forests are cut over. The Sugar maple also exhibits a greater susceptibility to pollution than other species of maple. Acid rain and soil acidification are some of the primary contributing factors to maple decline. Also, the increased use of salt over the last several decades on streets and roads has decimated the sugar maple's role as a "street-front" tree.
In some parts of eastern North America, particularly near urbanized areas, the Sugar Maple is being displaced by the Norway Maple. The Norway Maple is also highly shade tolerant, but is considerably more tolerant of urban conditions resulting in the Sugar Maple's replacement in those areas heavily disturbed by human activities.
The sugar maple is widespread, and is considered secure, except at the edges of its range.
The Sugar Maple is one of the most important Canadian trees, being (with Black Maple) the major source of sap for making maple syrup; Sugar Maple being regarded as slightly better. Many maples can be used as a sap source for maple syrup, but none of the others are as good as these two.
The wood is one of the hardest of the maples, and is prized for furniture and flooring. Bowling alleys and bowling pins are both commonly manufactured from sugar maple. Trees with wavy wood grain, which can occur in curly, quilted and "birdseye maple" form, are especially valued. Maple is also the wood used for basketball courts, including the floors used by the NBA, and it is a popular wood for baseball bats, along with white ash.
The Sugar Maple is a favorite street and garden tree, because it is easy to propagate and transplant, is fairly fast-growing, and has beautiful fall color; however, its intolerance of pollution and compacted soils common to inner city conditions make it a frequent victim of maple decline. It also has some of the most dense shade to be found in shade trees. The shade and the shallow, fibrous roots may interfere with grass growing under the trees. Deep well-drained loam is the best rooting medium, although Sugar Maple can grow well on sandy soil which does not become excessively dry. Light (or loose) clay soils are also well known to support Sugar Maple. Poorly drained areas are unsuitable and the species is especially short-lived on flood-prone clay flats. Its salt tolerance is low and it is very sensitive to boron.
Sugar Maple is the State Tree of New York, Vermont, West Virginia and Wisconsin.
Achillea millefolium or Yarrow (other common names Common Yarrow, Gordaldo, Nosebleed plant, Old Man's Pepper, Sanguinary, Milfoil, Soldier's Woundwort, Thousand-leaf (as its binomial name affirms), Thousand-seal) is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to the Northern Hemisphere. 
Common Yarrow is an erect herbaceous perennial plant that produces one to several stems (0.2 to 1m tall) and has a rhizomatous growth form. Leaves are evenly distributed along the stem, with the leaves near the middle and bottom of the stem being the largest. The leaves have varying degrees of hairiness (pubescence). The leaves are 5-20 cm long, bipinnate or tripinnate, almost feathery, and arranged spirally on the stems. The leaves are cauline and more or less clasping. The inflorescence has 4 to 9 phyllaries and contains ray and disk flowers which are white to pink. There are generally 3 to 8 ray flowers that are ovate to round. Disk flowers range from 15 to 40. The inflorescence is produced in a flat-topped cluster. Yarrow grows up to 3500m above sea level. The plant commonly flowers from May through June, and is a frequent component in butterfly gardens. Common yarrow is frequently found in the mildly disturbed soil of grasslands and open forests. Active growth occurs in the spring.
Common yarrow is a drought tolerant species of which there are several different ornamental cultivars. Seeds require light for germination, so optimal germination occurs when planted no deeper than ¼ inch. Seeds also require a temperature of 65-75 degrees Fahrenheit. Common yarrow responds best to soil that is poorly developed and well drained. The plant has a relatively short life, but may be prolonged by dividing the plant every other year, and planting 12 to 18 inches apart. Common yarrow is a weedy species and can become invasive. It may suffer from mildew or root rot if not planted in well-drained soil.
There are several varieties and subspecies:
Yarrows can be planted to combat soil erosion due to the plant's resistance to drought.
The herb is purported to be a diaphoretic, astringent, tonic, stimulant and mild aromatic. It contains isovaleric acid, salicylic acid, asparagin, sterols, flavonoids, bitters, tannins, and coumarins. The plant also has a long history as a powerful 'healing herb' used topically for wounds, cuts and abrasions. The genus name "Achillea" is derived from mythical Greek character, Achilles, who reportedly carried it with his army to treat battle wounds. This medicinal action is also reflected in some of the common names mentioned below, such as Staunchweed and Soldier's Woundwort.
Yarrow has also been used as a food, and was very popular as a vegetable in the 17th century. The younger leaves are said to be a pleasant leaf vegetable when cooked as spinach, or in a soup. Yarrow is sweet with a slight bitter taste.
Yarrow has seen historical use as a medicine, mainly because of its astringent effects. Decoctions have been used to treat inflammations such as piles (hemorrhoids), and also headaches. Confusingly, it has been said to both stop bleeding and promote it. Infusions of Yarrow, taken either internally or externally, are said to speed recovery from severe bruising. The most medicinally active part of the plant are the flowering tops. They also have a mild stimulant effect, and have been used as a snuff. Today, yarrow is valued mainly for its action in colds and influenza, and also for its effect on the circulatory, digestive, and urinary systems.
The flowers, rich in chemicals are converted by steam into anti-allergenic compounds. The flowers are used for various allergic mucus problems, including hay fever. Harvest during summer and autumn. Drink the infused flower for upper respiratory phlegm or use externally as a wash for eczema. Inhale for hay fever and mild asthma, use fresh in boiling water. 
The dark blue essential oil, extracted by steam distillation of the flowers, is generally used as an anti-inflammatory or in chest rubs for colds and influenza. Massage oil for inflamed joints, dilute 5-10 drops yarrow oil in 25 ml infused St. John's wort oil. A chest rub can be made for chesty colds and influenza, combine with eucalyptus, peppermint, hyssop, or thyme oils, diluting a total of 20 drops of oil in 25 ml almond or sunflower oil.
The aerial parts are used for phlegm conditions, as a bitter digestive tonic to encourage bile flow, and as a diuretic. The aerial parts act as a tonic for the blood, stimulate the circulation, and can be used for high blood pressure. Also useful in menstrual disorders, and as an effective sweating remedy to bring down fevers. Harvest during flowering. The tincture is used for urinary disorders or menstrual problems. Prescribed for cardiovascular complaints. Soak a pad in an infusion or dilute tincture to soothe varicose veins.
Yarrow intensifies the medicinal action of other herbs taken with it, and helps eliminate toxins from the body. It is reported to be associated with the treatment of the following ailments:
Amenorrhea, anti-inflammatory, bowels, bleeding, blood clots, blood pressure (lowers), blood purifier, blood vessels (tones), Catarrh (acute, repertory), colds, chicken pox, circulation, contraceptive (unproven), cystitis, diabetes treatment, digestion (stimulates), dyspepsia, eczema, fevers, flus, gastritis, glandular system, gum ailments, Heartbeat (slow), influenza, insect repellent, internal bleeding, liver (stimulates and regulates), lungs (hemorrhage), measles, menses (suppressed), menorrhagia, Menstruation (regulates, relieves pain), Nipples (soreness), nosebleeds, piles (bleeding), smallpox, stomach sickness, toothache, thrombosis, ulcers, urinary antiseptic, Uterus (tighten and contract), varicose veins, vision. 
The salicylic acid derivatives are a component of aspirin, which may account for its use in treating fevers and reducing pain. Yarrow tea is also said to be able to clear up a cold within 24 hours.
Yarrow is considered an especially useful companion plant, not only repelling some bad insects while attracting good, predatory ones, but also improving soil quality. It attracts predatory wasps, which drink the nectar and then use insect pests as food for their larvae. Similarly, it attracts ladybugs and hoverflies. Its leaves are thought to be good fertilizer, and a beneficial additive for compost.
It is also considered directly beneficial to other plants, improving the health of sick plants when grown near them.
Hemlock Woolly Adelgid ("Adelges tsugae") or HWA is a destructive pest that poses a major threat to eastern and Carolina hemlock trees throughout their range. Accidentally introduced from Asia in the 1920s, HWA feeds on hemlock and has now been established in 11 eastern states from North Carolina to Massachusetts, causing widespread mortality of hemlock trees. HWA has been found 20 miles from Vermont, 5 miles from New Hampshire, and 25 miles from Maine. 
The hemlock woolly adelgid (HWA) is an introduced aphid-like insect that feeds on the phloem sap of tender hemlock shoots. 
In the northern portion of hemlocks' range, mortality typically occurs within 4 to 10 years following infestation.
Hemlock is a vital component of the New England forest system, and is the third most prevalent tree in Vermont. Hemlock provides protection from erosion along stream banks, food for deer and wildlife, and shelter for deer in the winter. Major changes in ecosystem structure and function, including hydrologic processes, is expected with the loss of hemlock.
Unlike the Balsam Woolly Adelgid that only attacks mature balsam fir, HWA infests all age classes of hemlock. In addition, where hemlock occurs in pure stands in northern regions, the most commonly observed tree species to succeed hemlock is black (sweet) birch.
Few options are available for control of this pest. The use of pesticides is limited because in forested lands, hemlocks often grow along streams, swamps, or lakes and the threat of aquatic pollution is great. In urban communities the general public does not favor the use of these materials. Alternative management options are needed and the potential use of entomopathogenic fungi is a viable tool for consideration. 
Steps that have been taken to eradicate this pest:
Agrimony ("Agrimonia") is a genus of 12-15 species of perennial plants in the family Rosaceae, native to the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, with one species also in Africa.
The species grow to between 0.5–2 m tall, with pinnate leaves, and yellow flowers borne on a single (usually unbranched) spike. The bur-like seeds are very sticky, persisting through the winter.
Historically, the plants were thought to have medicinal value.
In wicca (witchcraft) it is used to help create a deep, undisturbed sleep by slipping dried leaves inside the sleeper's pillow.
Agrimonia was first described in writing by the Greeks who used it to treat conjunctivitus, other eye ailments, wounds (especially on the battle field), and liver ailments. Agrimonia is Latin, a variant of argemonia, and comes from the Greek word agermone which translates to, "speck in the eye." Eupatoria, as in agrimonia eupatoria, is derived from the name of King Mithridates IV Eupator (132 BC-63BC), ruler of Pontus in northern Turkey. He is well known in history for his knowledge of plant lore as well as the Mithridates Wars which he lead against the Romans. Agrimonia has been used since ancient times in Egypt to treat the digestive system and in Eastern Asia it is still used to treat heavy bleeding, coughs and flu.
The Anglo Saxons knew agrimonia as "garclive," and used it for wounds, warts, snake bites and, as did the Romans, eye ailments and liver disease. English poet Michael Drayton (1563–1631) declared agrimony to be an, "all heal" herb. In France and later throughout Europe it was an active ingredient in arquebusade water, which was used to treat wounds inflicted by an arquebus, a small gun operated by a matchlock mechanism dating to the 15th century.
Recent studies published by The U.S. National Institute of Health (NIH) and other scientific institutions suggest that chemicals in the plant may stimulate Cytokines which are proteins that stimulate the immune system.
Very low maintenance, transplants easily.
By division or seed.
Control may be needed if growing where pets play, as the seeds of some species are very difficult to remove from fur and clothing.
The Turnip Moth ("Agrotis segetum") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is a common European species, but is also present in other parts of the world as a root-feeding pest of both vegetable and cereal crops. The insect is not believed to be present in the United States, where the government has been making efforts to prevent its introduction on imported food crops.
This is a very variable species with the forewings ranging from pale buff through to almost black. The paler forms have three dark-bordered stigmata on each forewing. The main distinguishing feature from other "Agrotis" species is the very pale hindwings, pure white in the males, pearly grey in the females. The wingspan is 32–42 mm. The grey larva, sometimes tinged with purple, feeds on the roots and lower stems of a huge range of plants (see list below).
Two broods are produced each year, with the adults flying in May and June and again in August and September (in Britain). The species flies at night and is attracted to light and nectar-rich flowers. The species overwinters as a caterpillar.
Ailanthus altissima (Tree of Heaven or Ailanthus) is a member of the quassia family, ../Simaroubaceae/, native to northeast and central China, and Taiwan, but now presently an invasive weed throughout much of the world. It is a deciduous tree which grows rapidly and can reach up to 25 m tall, rarely 35 m, with a trunk up to 1 m diameter, rarely 1.5 m diameter. The common name is a direct translation of the Indonesian name "ailanto" for a closely related species in the same genus. Other common names include china sumac, copal tree, stinktree and ghetto palm.
The tree is occasionally planted in heavily polluted areas as it is tolerant of both particulate and chemical pollutants, as well as saline soils. Outside those areas, it should never be planted due to its invasive nature.
The bark of the tree is smooth and light grey, while the stems are reddish or chestnut. Its large, compound leaves are arranged alternately on the stem, and can be 30–60 cm long (occasionally up to 1 m long on vigorous young sprouts) and contain 11-33 leaflets, occasionally up to 41 leaflets. Each leaflet has one to three teeth on each side, close to the base. This helps distinguish it from sumacs ("Rhus" spp.).
The flowers are small, yellow-green to reddish, produced in late spring to mid summer in panicles up to 30 cm long. It is dioecious, with trees being either all male or all female. The seed is 5 mm diameter, encapsulated in a samara 4 cm long and 1 cm broad; the samara is twisted, making it spin as it falls, assisting wind dispersal. Female trees can produce more than 300,000 seeds in a year. All parts of the tree produce an unpleasant odour, suggestive of rancid cashews, with male flowers having the strongest smell.
In overall appearance, it is somewhat similar to some species of sumac; Staghorn Sumac "../Rhus typhina/" can be distinguished by sumac's red and slightly hairy stems, as well as leaves that are serrated, instead of having the base teeth of "A. altissima". Smooth Sumac "../Rhus glabra/", also lacks the base teeth of "A. altissima". Ailanthus also grows much taller than all sumac species. Seedlings of the Black walnut ("../Juglans nigra/") can also sometimes be mistaken for this plant, but their trunks are more slender as a sapling.
Ailanthus is an opportunistic species, thriving in full sun and in disturbed areas. It does, however, exhibit some shade tolerance. It spreads aggressively both by seeds and vegetatively, through root sprouts. It can resprout rapidly after being cut. Ailanthus is among the most tolerant of all tree species to pollution, including sulfur dioxide, and high soil acidity such as that from acid mine drainage (as low as pH 4.1). It has been noted as drought-tolerant, storing water in its root system. It is frequently found along highways and railroad tracks, in abandoned lots in cities, on abandoned mining sites, and in other areas where few trees can survive. Along highways it often forms dense thickets in which few other tree species are present.
Ailanthus produces allelopathic chemicals, which inhibit the growth of other plants. Resistance in various plant species has been shown to increase with exposure; populations without prior exposure to the chemicals are most susceptible to them. A few plants are resistant to these chemicals and form associations with Ailanthus in areas where it is dominant, such as along highways.
People have suggested many factors to Ailanthus' success at naturalising, including the absence of insects eating the plant, lack of exposure of native plants to the Ailanthus' allelopathy, and the widespread human disturbances which favour the tree. Regional variation has begun to show throughout its range, with trees in the colder northern regions producing heavier seeds than those in warmer regions.
Tree of Heaven is a popular ornamental tree in China, valued for its tolerance of difficult growing conditions, and its uses in Chinese traditional medicine. The bark is used to treat dysentery and other bowel ailments. A tincture of the root-bark has been used successfully in cardiac palpitation, asthma and epilepsy. The leaves are also used to feed silkworms of the moth "Samia cynthia", which produces silk that is stronger and cheaper than mulberry silk, although with inferior gloss and texture. There are also records of the wood from this tree being used in China. Under the synonymous name ""A. glandulosa"", an extract of the bark is sometimes touted as an herbal homeopathic remedy for various ailments. However, taken in large doses, the bark extract is highly toxic.
It was first introduced to Europe (France and England) by a French Jesuit priest returning from Nanking in 1751. It was brought to the United States by William Hamilton, a gardener in Philadelphia in 1784 and soon became a favoured ornamental tree in parks and gardens. By 1840, it was available in many nurseries and was planted as an ornamental. The tree arrived in the Western U.S. with the Chinese immigrants who worked the gold mines in California. To this day many abandoned mines have large colonies of it.
In the landscape these trees can cause problems because of their aggressive nature and weak branching habits. As a rule, they should not be planted outside of their native range, and female trees should be killed or kept cut to the ground to prevent further seed production. Male trees can be grown as a fast-replenishing postwood crop or hedge by coppicing at the ground every few years.
Tree-of-heaven has become a problematic invasive species in many areas with warm temperate climates, especially in North America, due to its aggressive spread, vigorous growth and allelopathic chemicals. It often grows directly up against a building or structure, where the roots can damage sewers and housing foundations. The trees grow rapidly and produce many offspring in their root vicinity. They also shed many small branches at regular intervals. It is an agricultural pest as well. These undesirable qualities often lead land and business owners to eradicate the plant.
Many different methods of control have been attempted and the best involve prevention as well as eradication. Means of eradication can be physical, thermal, managerial, biological, or chemical. A combination of these can be most effective, though they must be compatible. Physical methods are desirable due to their high selectivity, but are very labour intensive and thus more expensive. Hand-pulling is a highly effective way to remove young seedlings before the development of a tap root, but thereafter it is ineffective. Cutting and hand digging are options for larger trees, but the former will produce stump sprout which will need to be controlled later and the latter is very time consuming and is only practical for small infestations. Girdling, the removal of the cambial tissue with a hand axe or machete, is effective for very large trees, though re-sprouting often occurs. Thermal control, i.e. controlled burning, is also effective at removing the visible portion of trees, but sprouts will occur shortly after. These methods can be counter-productive if not performed regularly. On their own they are most effective in places with small infestations or in areas with fairly strong shade or competition. The root systems will eventually become exhausted and die if mechanical or thermal control is done thoroughly and consistently, though this may take several years.
Managerial control is not effective with controlling ailanthus as native trees cannot compete easily with the tree and it is unpalatable to animals that could potentially graze on it. Biological control, the use of insects or diseases, is also not in use for ailanthus eradication. Chemical control, however, is quite successful, especially when combined with mechanical methods. Foliar herbicide sprays are very effective when plants are in full leaf, but are difficult to use when desirable plants are in the vicinity. Also very large trees will be out of reach. Herbicides for this use include the non-selective glyphosate, though care must be taken as it is mildly toxic to animals and especially to aquatic life. Its trade names include "Accord" and "Roundup", though the latter contains other harmful surfactants which may be more toxic than the herbicide itself. Triclopyr is another option and is selective for woody plants, making it a better choice for sensitive areas. It is also non-toxic to fish, though it can be toxic to waterfowl. It is sold under brand names such as "Garlon". Foliar applications of glyphosate have been shown to be slightly more effective than triclopyr. Dicamba, imazapyr and metsulfuron methyl are also effective, but have not been tested extensively with ailanthus.
Other chemical methods for controlling ailanthus include a basal bark application of oil-soluble triclopyr in late winter or early spring. This method requires no cutting, but is only effective on trees with a diameter of 15 cm (6 inches) or less. For larger trees, an effective method is to cut off strips of bark at the trunk during the summer and spray a 100% concentration of triclopyr, only about 1 or 2 ml per cut, within a few minutes. The tree should not be cut all the way around in a ring, but rather only a ring with 3 to 6 cm (1 to 2 inch) pieces of living bark in between each cut. Cutting a full ring will kill the upper part of the tree and cause root suckers to sprout. Lastly, trees can be cut down and the stump treated with any of the above herbicides, though they must be applied immediately after cutting. This is most effective during the growing season.
Ajuga reptans (Blue bugle, Bugleherb, Bugleweed, Carpetweed, Common bugle, Carpenter's Herb) is a herbaceous flowering plant native to Europe. This plant is often used as medicinal and ornamental plant. Bugle is also known as "carpenter's herb" due to its supposed ability to stem bleeding.
The bugle has dark green leaves with purple highlights. It is a spreading ground cover that grows in a dense mat. The leaves grow 2-3 inches high but in the spring it sends up 4-6 inch tall flower stalks densely covered with numerous purple or blue flowers.
Alchemilla mollis, Lady's Mantle, is an herbaceous perennial plant native to Southern Europe, but grown throughout the world as an ornamental garden plant. The plant is primarily grown as a ground cover, and is especially valued for the leaves in wet weather, as the water beads up and sparkles on the leaves.
The leaves are palmately veined, with a scalloped and serrated margin. The flowers are held in dense clusters above the foliage and are greenish yellow.
Rich, well-drained soils in ful sun to very light shade.
Some cultivars have been selected.
The plant has been used for centuries as a herbal remedy. Since it contains tannin, Lady's Mantle has properties of an astringent. It is also used by some as a gynecological treatment to suppress menstruation and reduce vagina irritation. No scientific studies have confirmed the beneficial effect of Alchemilla mollis as an herbal treatment.
Prune off browned foliage in early spring. Deadhead to prevent seeding and encourage rebloom.
Division or seed, self-seeds readily.
See "../Alchemilla/" for a list of pests and diseases.
Garlic mustard or Hedge garlic ("Alliaria petiolata") is a flowering plant in the Mustard family, Brassicaceae. It is native to Europe, western and central Asia, and northwestern Africa, from Morocco, Iberia and the British Isles, north to northern Scandinavia, and east to northern India and western China (Xinjiang). It often occurs along the margins of hedgerows, giving rise to the old British folk name of "Jack-by-the-hedge". The genus name "Alliaria", "resembling "Allium"", refers to the garlic-like odour of the crushed foliage.
It is a herbaceous biennial plant (sometimes an annual plant) growing to 30–100 cm (rarely to 130 cm) tall. The leaves are stalked, triangular to heart-shaped, 10–15 cm long (of which about half being the petiole) and 2–6 cm broad, with a coarsely toothed margin. In biennial specimens, first-year plants appear as a rosette of green leaves close to the ground; these rosettes remain green through the winter and develop into mature flowering plants the following spring. Others flower and complete their life-cycle in their first year. The flowers are produced in spring and summer in buttonlike clusters, each flower small, white, with four petals 4–8 mm long and 2–3 mm broad, in the shape of a cross. The fruit is an erect, slender, four-sided pod 2–7 cm long, called a silique, green maturing pale grey-brown, containing two rows of small shiny black seeds which are released when the pod splits open. 
A single plant can produce hundreds of seeds, which scatter as much as several metres from the parent plant. Depending upon conditions, garlic mustard flowers either self-fertilise or are cross-pollinated by a variety of insects. Self-fertilised seed is genetically identical to the parent plant, enhancing its ability to colonise an area. Although water may transport the seeds, they do not float well and are not carried far by wind. Long distance dispersal is most likely aided by human activities and wildlife.
In Europe as many as 69 species of insects and 7 species of fungi utilise Garlic Mustard as a food plant, including the larvae of some Lepidoptera species such as the Garden carpet moth.
Garlic mustard was introduced in North America as a culinary herb in the 1860s and is considered an invasive species there. The insects and fungi that feed on it in natural conditions are not present in North America, increasing its seed productivity and allowing it to out-compete native plants there. In addition, a study published in 2006 concluded that Garlic Mustard harms mycorrhizal fungi that some North American plants, including native forest trees, require for proper growth. Additionally, because White-tailed Deer rarely eat Garlic Mustard, large deer populations may help to expand it by removing competing native plants and exposing the soil and seedbed through trampling. A complication in the eradication of Garlic Mustard is the long time span in which seeds may remain viable in the ground for. Seeds have been observed to germinate up to 11 years after being planted in the ground.
The leaves, flowers and fruit are edible as food for humans, and are best when young. They have a mild flavour of both garlic and mustard, and are used in salads.
In the rosette stage it can be easily confused with "../Brunnera macrophylla/" or sometimes "../Glechome hederacea/" or "../Asarum canadensis/".
Allium vineale (Crow Garlic) is a perennial bulb in the genus "../Allium/", native to Europe, north Africa and western Asia, but present elsewhere as an invasive weed of gardens, woodlands, and lawns.
All parts of the plant have a strong garlic odor. The underground bulb is 1–2 cm diameter, with a fibrous outer layer. The main stem grows to 30–120 cm tall, bearing 2-4 leaves and an apical inflorescence 2–5 cm diameter comprising a number of small bulbils and none to a few flowers, subtended by a basal bract. The leaves are slender, hollow. and tubular, 15–60 cm long and 2–4 mm thick, waxy textured, with a groove along the side of the leaf facing the stem. The flowers are 2–5 mm long, with six petals varying in colour from pink to red or greenish-white. It flowers in the summer, June to August in northern Europe. Plants with no flowers, only bulbils, are sometimes distinguished as the variety "Allium vineale" var. "compactum", but this character is probably not taxonomically significant.
It is a weed in grain fields, as grain products may become tainted with a garlic odor or flavour in the presence of aerial bulblets at the time of harvest. Wild garlics is resistant to herbicides due to the structure of its leaves, being vertical, smooth and waxy. Herbicides do not cling well to it and are therefore not as effective.
The species is introduced in Australia and North America, where it has become an invasive species.
Crow Garlic can be used as a substitute for garlic. It imparts a garlic-like flavour and odor on dairy and beef products when grazed by livestock.
Garden pests often feed on plants other than just those being intentionally grown in gardens. Many weeds can act as alternate hosts for plant pests, so in order to control a serious infestation, it may be important to also either control the pests on the weed plants or simply remove the weed population.
Ambrosia is a genus of flowering plants from the sunflower family (Asteraceae), commonly referred to as Ragweeds. The name of this genus is derived from the Greek word for "food of the gods".
These are annuals, perennials and shrubs and subshrubs with erect, hispid stems growing in large clumps to a height of 75 – 90 cm. The stems are basally branched. They form a slender taproot or a creeping rhizome.
The foliage is grayish to silvery green with bipinnatifid, deeply lobed leaves with winged petioles. But in the case of "Ambrosia coronopifolia", the leaves are simple. The leaf arrangement is opposite at the base, but becomes alternate higher on the stem.
Ambrosia is a monoecious plant, i.e. it produces separate male and female flower heads on the same plant. The numerous tiny male, yellowish-green disc flower are about 3 mm in diameter. They grow in a terminal spike, subtended by joined bracts. The female, whitish-green flowers are 1-flowered and are inconspicuously situated below the male ones, in the leaf axils. The pappus is lacking.
After wind pollination, the female flowers develops into a prickly, ovoid burr with 9-18 straight spines. It contains one arrowhead-shaped seed, brown when mature, and smaller than a wheat grain. This burr gets dispersed by clinging to the fur or feathers of animals passing by. The seeds are an important winter food for many bird species.
Ragweed occurs in temperate regions of the northern hemisphere and South America. They prefer dry, sunny grassy plains; sandy soils; and to grow along river banks, along roadsides, disturbed soils, vacant lots and ruderal sites. Ragweed was far less common in the Eastern United States before dense European settlement/agriculture in the late 1700s.
There are 41 species worldwide. They are very ordinary in appearance. Despite being all around, they are easily overlooked. Virtually no animal browses them. Many are adapted to the arid climates of the desert. Burrobush ("Ambrosia dumosa") is one of the most arid-adapted perennials in North America. About 10 species occur in the Sonoran Desert.
Each plant is reputed to be able to produce about a billion grains of pollen over a season, and the plant is anemophilous (wind-pollinated). It is highly allergenic, as the greatest pollen allergen of all pollens, and the prime cause of hayfever. The plant blooms in the northern hemisphere from about mid August until cooler weather arrives. It usually produces pollen more copiously in wet seasons. Two species, "Ambrosia artemisiifolia" and "A. psilostachya" are considered among the most noxious to those prone to hay fever.
Total eradication of ragweed is considered impossible, owing to the plant's frugality and tremendous seed-producing capability. As of 2005, there is no known safe biological remedy (e.g. beetle or worm) to be used against ragweed in the open. Mechanical and chemical methods are available and can be used to control its spread, although there is evidence that these are actually no more effective than leaving the weed alone, in the long run .
The act of manually uprooting ragweeds, sometimes shown in the media for public awareness and propaganda purposes, is best avoided. It is ineffective, and skin contact may cause the onset of full-blown hayfever symptoms in persons with latent ragweed hyper-sensitivity.
Although the scythe and its motorized descendants have a reduced efficiency against ragweed, they remain indispensable tools, especially in populated areas and near delicate plantation, where herbicide use must be limited. Fighting ragweed with the scythe is a continuous process, because it is difficult to cut the plant right at the soil level, and the plant will regrow in two weeks (and often branch into three or four full-sized stems) if more than half an inch of the plant remains above the ground. Areas where ragweed has been reaped should be mowed down every three weeks to prevent regrowth.
It is considered important to control the spread of ragweed in large abandoned or uncultivated areas. Ragweed pollen can remain airborne for days and travel great distances, affecting people hundreds of miles away. One efficient method for large-scale ragweed extermination is chemical spraying. Because ragweed only reacts to some of the more aggressive herbicides, it is highly recommended to consult professionals when deciding on dosage and methodology, especially near urban areas. Some proven effective active ingredients include those that are gliphosat-based (Roundup, Gliphogan, Glialka), sulphosat-based (Medallon) and gluphosinat-ammonia based (Finale14SL). In badly infested areas usually 2 to 6.5 liters of herbicides are dispersed per hectare (equal to app. 0.2 to 0.7 US gallons per acre).
One especially effective method of controlling ragweed; cutting it, then burning it once the stalks have dried (standing, live ragweed won't burn) has become less popular because the smoke produced is seen as unacceptable pollution, as with the decline in leaf-burning and trash burning. But this method has the added benefit of killing off the stems so the plant does not grow back, which (as noted above) is otherwise almost inevitable.
../Hoppers/
../Beetles/
../Flea Beetles/
../Weevils/
../Caterpillars/
w:list of Lepidoptera which feed on ragweeds.
Common Ragweed ("Ambrosia artemisiifolia") is the most widespread of this genus in North America. It attains a height of about a meter. Great Ragweed, Giant Ragweed or Horseweed, ("Ambrosia trifida"), may grow to four meters (13 feet) or more.
Ragweed is a plant of concern in the global warming issue, because tests have shown that higher levels of carbon dioxide will greatly increase pollen production. On dry windy days, the pollen will travel many kilometers. When the humidity rises above 70%, the pollen tends to clump and is not so likely to become airborne.
Goldenrod is frequently blamed for hayfever, but simply happens to have a showy flower that blooms about the same time. Goldenrod is innocent, as it is entomophilous, i.e. insect pollinated. Its pollen is heavy and sticky, and cannot become airborne.
Some high mountain and desert areas of North America used to be refuges for severe hay fever sufferers, who would go to such areas for relief during the pollen season, but increased human activity such as building and other disturbances of the soil, irrigation, and gardening, have encouraged ragweed to spread to these areas as well. Today, no area in the United States is ragweed pollen free, and moving can only offer a degree of relief. The ragweed was accidentally imported to Europe during World War I, it had adapted to the different environment successfully and has greatly spread since the 1950s. Hungary is currently the most heavily affected country in Europe (and possibly the entire world), especially since the early 1990s, when abandonment of communist-style collective agriculture left vast fields uncultivated, which were promptly invaded by ragweed.
Anecdotal claims are made of honey giving some relief for ragweed pollen allergies, which is noteworthy because honeybees very rarely visit ragweed flowers, and even then only for pollen. However, during ragweed pollen shed, the pollen dusts every surface, and honeybees, being electrostatically charged, will accumulate some ragweed pollen. The pollen is frequently identified as a component of raw honey.
The major allergen protein has been identified as Amb a 1, a 38 kDa nonglycosylated protein.
Amelanchier, also known as shadbush, serviceberry, sarvisberry, juneberry, saskatoon, shadblow, shadwood, sugarplum, wild-plum, and mespilus,is a genus of about 20 species of small deciduous trees and large shrubs in the family Rosaceae.
The genus is native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, growing primarily in early successional habitats. It is most diverse taxomically in North America, especially in the northern United States and southern Canada, and is native to every state of the United States except Hawaii. Two species also occur in Asia, and one in Europe. These plants are valued horticulturally, and their fruits are important to wildlife. The systematics (taxonomy) of shadbushes has long perplexed botanists, horticulturalists, and others, as suggested by the range in number of species recognized in the genus from 6 to 33 in two recent publications. A major source of complexity comes from the occurrence of apomixis (asexual seed production), polyploidy, and hybridization. 
The origin of the generic name "Amelanchier" is probably derived from the Provençal name of the European "../Amelanchier ovalis/". The name serviceberry comes from the similarity of the fruit to the related European "../Sorbus/". A widespread folk etymology states that the plant's flowering time signaled to early American pioneers that the ground had thawed enough in spring for the burial of the winter's dead. Juneberry refers to the fruits of certain species becoming ripe in June. The name Saskatoon originated from a Cree Native American noun "misâskwatômina" ("misāskwatōmina", "misaaskwatoomina") for "Amelanchier alnifolia". The city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan is named after this plant.
"Amelanchier" species grow to 0.2–20 m tall, arborecent or suckering and forming loose colonies or dense clumps to single-stemmed. The bark is gray or less often brown, smooth or fissuring in older trees. The leaves are deciduous, cauline, alternate, simple, lanceolate to elliptic to orbiculate, 0.5–10 x 0.5–5.5 cm, thin to coriaceous, with surfaces abaxially glabrous or densely tomentose at flowering, abaxially glabrous or more or less hairy at maturity. The inflorescences are terminal, with 1–20 flowers, erect or drooping, either in clusters of one to four flowers, or in racemes with 4–20 flowers. The flowers have five white (rarely somewhat pink, yellow, or streaked with red), linear to orbiculate petals, 2.6–25 mm long, occasionally andropetalous (bearing apical microsporangia adaxially; only known in this genus in A. nantucketensis). The flowers appear in early spring, "when the shad run" according to tradition (leading to names such as "shadbush"). The fruit is a berry-like pome, red to purple to nearly black at maturity, 5–15 mm diameter, insipid to delectably sweet, maturing in summer.
For North American species, the taxonomy follows the forthcoming "Flora of North America"; for Asian species the "Flora of China"; and for European species the "Flora Europaea".
Several natural hybrids also exist. A taxon commonly cited as "../Amelanchier lamarckii/" F.G.Schroed. is very widely cultivated and naturalized in Europe, where it was introduced in the 17th century; it is known to be of North American origin, probably from eastern Canada. It is not currently known to occur in the wild, and is probably of hybrid origin between "A. laevis" and either "A. arborea" or "A. canadensis"; it is apomictic and breeds true from seed.
The fruit of several species are excellent to eat raw, tasting like a slightly nutty blueberry, though their popularity with birds makes harvesting difficult. Fruit is harvested locally for pies and jams. The saskatoon berry is harvested commercially. The Native American food pemmican was flavored by shadbush fruits in combination with fat and dried meats, and the stems were made into arrow shafts.
Several species are very popular ornamental shrubs, grown for their flowers, bark, and fall color. Most need similar conditions to grow well, requiring good drainage, air circulation (to discourage leaf diseases), watering during drought and acceptable soil. One exception is "A. bartramiana" which, among other places in the wild, has been found growing in swamps and bogs. Note that species names are often used interchangeably in the nursery trade. Many A. arborea plants that are offered for sale are actually hybrids, or entirely different species.
The wood is brown, hard, close-grained, and heavy. The heartwood is reddish-brown, and the sapwood is lighter in color. It can be used for tool handles and fishing rods.
Propagation is by seed, divisions and grafting. Serviceberries graft so readily that grafts with other genera, such as "../Crataegus/" and "../Sorbus/", are often successful.
"Amelanchier" are preferred browse for deer and rabbits, and heavy browsing pressure can suppress natural regeneration. Caterpillars of Lepidoptera such as w:Brimstone Moth, w:Brown-tail, w:Grey Dagger, w:Mottled Umber, w:Rough Prominent, The Satellite, w:Winter Moth, "w:Limenitis arthemis" and other herbivorous insects also have a taste for serviceberry. Many insects and diseases that attack orchard trees also affect this genus, in particular trunk borers and "../Gymnosporangium/" ../rust/. In years when late flowers overlap those of wild roses and brambles, bees may spread bacterial ../fireblight/. 
An Introduction to Soils
Horticulture is meant to eventually become an exhaustive technical manual for professionals in the horticulture trade, as well as a guidebook for gardeners of every level of expertise. The scope of the book includes garden techniques, materials, soils, plants, weeds, diseases, pests, hotricultural chemicals, and beneficial insects.
Because of this large scope, this "Wikimanual" is not intended to be printed out as "one big book", since this would (after a few years of development) be far too thick a book to fit on any real-world bookshelf. Rather, it is meant to be printed out module-by-module, to cover topic areas for classrooms, or as "custom garden guides" for individual gardeners (only including those pages that pertain to a specific garden).
Because of the free licensing on Wikibooks, this means that any instructor can create textbooks for a specific class they are teaching, without any need to seek permissions or pay licensing fees. So, for example, an instructor could assemble a book for a two semester course on herbaceous ornamental plants that is specific to the lesson plan, and includes exhaustive discussion of how to grow and maintain any particular plant, from siting and fertilization to pest and disease control to commercial propagation methods.
Instructors can also use Wikibooks as a venue for class assignments: the edits of each student can be seen on their account logs, and they can of course be assigned particular tasks, such as writing entries for a set of plants, insects, diseases, and so on.
For amateur gardeners, this "Wikimanual" is a place for both learning and sharing "tips and tricks" they have learned from others or invented themselves. "Expert amateurs" often wish that "landscapers" knew how to do things better, and this "Wikimanual" is an excellent way to share (in fact, the free license allows anyone to print out copies and distribute them, and even tuck them under windshield wipers).
There are many ways in which to contribute, from indexing to copyediting to maintenance to creating new content. For cleanup and maintenance, a few templates and categories exist for this, such as (for cleaning up transwikis that haven't yet been completely modified to fit the "Wikimanual's" Manual of Style).
Images are also needed for many pages, particularly those pages that describe a process such as ../Division/, ../Pruning/, and other garden techniques. These should be uploaded to rather than to Wikibooks, because in the future much of this book might be translated into other languages.
There are also many stubs that need to be further developed.
Many pages are orphaned and need to be linked to from the table of contents or a listing linked to from the table of contents. See all the pages of the book in :.
New content is of course the most important need, since while there are already hundreds of "chapters", there are thousands of plants, pests, diseases, techniques, and so on. In general, the best way to start new chapters is by transwikiing content from Wikipedia using the , which copies all revisions and thus honors our copyrights. Only administrators can use the Import tool. To request an import from administrators, list the Wikipedia article name at .
An Invitation to Contribute
Aphids, also known as greenfly, blackfly or plant lice, are minute plant-feeding insects in the superfamily Aphidoidea in the homopterous division of the order Hemiptera. Recent classification within the Hemiptera has changed the old term 'Homoptera' to two suborders: Sternorryncha (aphids, whiteflies, scales, psyllids...) and Auchenorryncha (cicadas, leafhoppers, treehoppers, planthoppers...) with the suborder: Heteroptera containing a large group of insects known as the 'true-bugs'; gnat bugs, pond skaters, shore bugs, toad bugs, water boatmen, backswimmers, etc.
About 4,000 species of aphids are known, classified in 10 families; of these, around 250 species are serious pests for agriculture and forestry as well as an annoyance for gardeners. They vary in size from 1–10 mm long.
The most typical organ of aphids is their piercing-sucking mouthparts called stylets. They have soft bodies, long, thin legs, two-jointed, two-clawed tarsi, and usually a pair of abdominal tubes through which a waxy secretion is exuded. These tubes were formerly supposed to secrete the sweet substance known as "honeydew" so much sought after by ants; but this is now known to come from the alimentary canal. Both winged and wingless forms of both sexes occur; the wings when present are two pairs, lacy, transparent and only have one prominent longitudinal vein. Aphids also have a proboscis originating between and behind the forelegs. Aphids' antennae are composed of two thick basal segments and a flagellum with as many as four segments. The last of these four segments is divided into a proximal part and a thinner distal part (called "process terminalis").
Aphids have two compound eyes and two ocular tubercles made up of three lenses, each of which is located behind and above the compound eyes. They have two tarsal segments. The fifth abdominal segment bears a pair of tubes on the dorsal surface named siphunculi (cornicles), which are upright and point backward. A cauda is usually present below and between them on the last abdominal segment.
Aphids are distributed world-wide, but they are most common in temperate zones. It is possible for aphids to migrate great distances (mainly through passive dispersal riding on winds) depending on the weather patterns; for example, the lettuce aphid spreading from New Zealand to Tasmania. They have also been spread by human transportation of infested plant materials.
Many, but far from all, aphids are monophagous (i.e. feeding only on 1 species of plant). Others, like "../Myzus persicae/" feed on hundreds of plant species across many families.
Similarly to related families, aphids passively feed on sap of phloem vessels in plants. This sap being kept under high pressure, once a phloem vessel is punctured, it is forced into the food canal. Aphids actively 'drink' (suck) from xylem vessels when thirsty. As they feed, aphids often transmit plant viruses to their food plants. These viruses can sometimes kill the plants.
Some species of ants "farm" aphids, protecting them on the plant they eat, and eating the honeydew that the aphids secrete; this is a mutualistic relationship. Aphid honeydew is rich in carbohydrates (like melezitose), of which the aphids ingest an excess, being phloem-feeders. Many aphids are host to endosymbiont bacteria, "Buchnera", which live in specialized cells called Bacteriocytes inside the aphid. These bacteria synthesizes some essential amino acids that are absent in the phloem that the aphids eat.
Apart from their importance from the economic standpoint, aphids are chiefly remarkable for the phenomena connected with the propagation of the species. For part or all of their life, most aphids are often found to be parthenogenetic. Aphids have been known to have what is called telescoping generations. With telescoping generations the female aphid will have a daughter within her who is already parthenogenetically producing its own daughter at the same time. This leads to the bizarre situation where the diet of a female aphid can have inter-generational effects on the body size and birth rate of aphids. In other words, what the aphid eats can directly change the size and fertility of the aphid's daughters and grand-daughters (Nevo and Coll 2001, Jahn et al. 2005).
At different times of the year, they can be viviparous or oviparous. During spring and summer, aphids are often parthenogenetic and viviparous and then give birth sexually during autumn. Therefore aphids are said to undergo cyclical parthenogenesis or to have a holocyclical life circle.
Male and female aphids mate in autumn. Sexual females, but also asexual ones, have two sex chromosomes while sexual males only have one.
The following brief summary of what takes place in the plant-louse of the rose ("Aphis rosae"), may be regarded as typical of the family, though exceptions occur in other species: Eggs produced in the autumn by fertilized females remain on the plant through the winter and hatching in the spring give rise to female individuals which may be winged or wingless. From these, females are born parthenogenetically: that is to say, without the intervention of males, and by a process that has been compared to internal budding, large numbers of young resembling their parents in every respect except size are produced, which themselves reproduce their kind in the same way. This process continues throughout the summer, generation after generation being produced until the number of descendants from a single individual of the spring-hatched brood may amount to many thousands. In the autumn winged males appear; union between the sexes takes place and the females lay the fertilized eggs which are destined to carry the species through the cold months of winter. If, however, the food-plant is grown in a glasshouse or greenhouse where protection against cold is afforded, the aphids may go on reproducing agamogenetically (asexually) without cessation for many years. 
Likewise, in warm and tropical areas or during the growing season, aphids reproduce asexually without interruption. Since the young can become adults and reproduce within a few days, this process leads to the build-up of very large populations responsible for severe damage to crops and important economic losses; such populations often require pest control.
Not the least interesting features connected with this strange life-history are the facts that the young may be born by the oviparous or viviparous methods and either gamogenetically or agamogenetically, and may develop into winged forms or remain wingless, and that the males only appear in any number at the close of the season. Although the factors which determine these phenomena are not clearly understood, it is believed that the appearance of the males is connected with the increasing cold of autumn and the growing scarcity of food, and that the birth of winged females is similarly associated with decrease in the quantity or vitiation of the quality of the nourishment imbibed. Sometimes the winged females migrate from the plant they were born on to start fresh colonies on others often of quite a different kind (host plant alternancy). Thus the apple aphid ("Aphis Mali") after producing many generations of apterous females on its typical food-plant gives rise to winged forms which fly away and settle upon grass or corn-stalks.
Another widespread aphid in the Phylloxeridae family is "Daktulosphairia vitifoliae" (still frequently called by its former name "Phylloxera vitifoliae"), the famous Phylloxera which causes enormous loss by attacking the leaves and roots of grape vines. Its life-history is similar to that of "Aphis rosae" described above. In the autumn a single fertile egg is laid by apterous females in a crevice of the bark of the vine where it is protected during the winter. From this egg in the spring emerges an apterous female who makes a gall in the new leaf and lays therein a large number of eggs. Some of the apterous young that are hatched from these form fresh galls and continue to multiply in the leaves, others descend to the root of the plant, becoming what are known as root-forms. These, like the parent form of spring, reproduce parthenogenetically, giving rise to generation after generation of egg-laying individuals. In the course of the summer, from some of these eggs are hatched females which acquire wings and lay eggs from which wingless males and females are born. From the union of the sexes comes the fertile egg from which the parent form of spring is hatched.
Some species of cabbage aphids (like "Brevicoryne brassicae") reproduce rapidly during the summer. They are all females, and can produce up to 41 generations of offspring. If no aphids had died during the summer, there would be more than one and a half billion billion billion aphids (1.5 x 10) by the end of the season.
There are 10 families:
A wide range of plants are affected by aphids. Many aphids feed specificallly on a small group of plants, but others are generalists.
The Bean Aphid is most notable as an agricultural pest of beans, but also feeds on a wide variety of garden plants, both woody and herbaceous.
Dark-colored aphids.Black or dark green in colour. Legs and antannae are yellow in colour. Bulbous abdomen and conicles on the abdomen.
Leaf-curling, sooty mold.
Aphis gossypii is a major pest of cotton and other crops, and a common pest of gardens.
Host plants include those of the following genera (as well as many others):
Artemisia vulgaris (Mugwort) is a species in the family ../Asteraceae/. It is one of several species in the genus "Artemisia/" known as mugwort, and is also occasionally known as Felon Herb, St. John's Plant, Chrysanthemum Weed, and Wild Wormwood. It is native to temperate Europe, Asia and northern Africa, but is also present in North America as an invasive weed. It is a very common plant on nitrogenous soils such as waste places and roadsides.
It is a tall herbaceous perennial plant growing 1–2 m (rarely 2.5 m) tall, with a woody root. The leaves are 5–20 cm long, dark green, pinnate, with dense white tomentose hairs on the underside. The erect stem often has a red-purplish tinge.
The rather small flowers (5 mm long) are radially symmetrical with many yellow or dark red petals. The narrow and numerous capitula (flower heads) spread out in racemose panicles. It flowers from July to September.
"A. vulgaris" is often confused with the Chinese mugwort ("A. verlotiorum"), which is very common too. The latter has oblonge reddish to brown capitula, its stems are green and the leaves broader, lighter coloured and more dense on the stem. The plant's scent is both stronger and more pleasant than that of the common mugwort. It flowers very late in the summer, but reproduces mainly by stolons, thus forming thick groups. The two species share the same habitats.
Mugwort is also sometimes confused with the ragweeds. In the garden, the foliage can look similar to that of hardy mums (Dendranthema spp.), but can be distinguished easily by the light-colored undersides of the leaves, as opposed to the green undersides of chrysanthemum leaves.
Mugwort has both culinary and herbal uses. See the wikipedia article on Artemisia vulgaris for details.
This plant is very aggressive in the garden, and can be very difficult to eradicate once established.
Arthropod Pests
Butterfly weed ("Asclepias tuberosa", also called Canada root, Chigger flower, Chiggerflower, Fluxroot, Indian paintbrush, Indian posy, Orange milkweed, Orange Swallow-wort, Pleurisy root, Silky Swallow-wort, Tuber root, Yellow milkweed, White-root, Windroot) is a species of milkweed native to eastern North America, but also grown in gardens throughout the world for the showy flowers and the butterflies that are attracted to it.
The common name comes from the butterflies that are attracted to the plant by its color and its copious production of nectar. Butterfly weed is also the larval food plant of the Queen butterfly.
It is a perennial plant growing to 0.6–2 m (1 –2 feet) tall, with cymes of orange, yellow, or nearly red flowers which are regular, perfect, 5-parted, top of flower (“crown”) with erectly held “hoods”. Pollen is in waxy masses. Flowers are produced from early summer to early fall. The leaves are spirally arranged, lanceolate, 5–12 cm long and 2–3 cm broad, hairy, dark green above and lighter beneath. The roots are thick taproots, to 30 cm long.
The seeds, borne in elongate pods, are also an attraction due to the large, silky pappus which are blown in the wind when ripe.
The plant looks similar to the Lanceolate milkweed ("../Asclepias lanceolata/"), however the Butterfly weed is uniquely identified by the larger number of flowers and hairy stems. It is most commonly found in fields with dry soil.
In gardens, butterfly weed does best with a deep, rich, well-drained soil in full sun. In the wild it is often found in dry, sand or gravel soil, but has also been reported on stream margins.
As a border perennial or meadow plant, primarily grown to attract butterflies to the garden. Can also be grown for cut flowers. The plant is often used in children's gardens for the seeds (for making "wishes" by blowing the seeds), as well as for the caterpillars and butterflies.
Remove the forming seed pods to encourage reblooming, or leave them to develop the interesting seeds and for winter interest. Transplanting can be difficult due to the deep taptoot.
Primarily by seed, but also by division or basal cuttings.
Does well as a cut flower, but leaves should be completely removed from the stems before putting in the vase.
See "../Asclepias/" for a list of pests and diseases. Caterpillars found on this plant are usually butterfly larvae, so if butterflies are desired, leave the caterpillars be.
Tatarian Aster is a tall, upright perennial native to Asia but grown elsewhere in gardens.
The plant overall is coarse, with large leaves and thick stems. The flowers are borne in late autumn, with yellow disk florets and purple ray florets.
The species can grow up to 2.5 m (8 ft) tall, but shorter cultivars are available.
Does best in full sun. Plants tend to flop if grown in very rich soils. Hardy in USDA zones 3-8.
Generally grown as a "back of the border" plant, for its tall flowers in the fall. Excellent as a cut flower.
Cut back half-way in mid summer to encourage bushiness. The plant spreads aggressively, so will need to be reined in by digging out the outer crowns or dividing every two or three years.
The plant does not readily self-seed.
Easily divided.
Pest and disease issues are not common, though deer browsing can be a problem if deer populations are high. See ../Aster/ for discussion of pest and disease issues.
Barbarea vulgaris, also called as Bittercress, Herb Barbara, Rocketcress, Yellow Rocketcress, Winter Rocket, and Wound Rocket, is a biennial herb native to Europe.
During the autumn and winter, the plant has only a basal rosette of glossy leaves. As it bolts and flowers in the spring, it also has pinnately divided leaves arranges sparsely on the stem. The yellow flowers are borne in dense terminal clusters above the foliage in spring. It grows to about 8-32 inches.
It is naturalised in many parts of North America as a weed. Winter Cress prefers moist, disturbed fields.
Greens are edible and have a similar taste to other mustard greens, but become sour when the plant bolts.
Beauveria bassiana is a fungus that grows naturally in soils throughout the world and causes disease in various insects by acting as a parasite; it thus belongs to the entomopathogenic fungi. It is being used as a biological insecticide to control a number of pests such as termites, whitefly, different beetles and its use in the control of the malaria-transmitting mosquitos is under investigation. The species is named after the Italian entomologist Agostino Bassi who discovered it in 1835 as the cause of the muscardine disease of silkworms. "Beauveria bassiana" (formerly also known as "Tritirachium shiotae") is the anamorph (the asexually reproducing form) of the fungus species "Cordyceps bassiana". The teleomorph (the sexually reproducing form) was discovered in 2001.
The disease caused by the fungus is called white muscardine disease. When spores of the fungus come into contact with the body of an insect host, they germinate, enter the body, and grow inside, eventually killing the insect. Afterwards a white mold grows on the cadaver and produces new spores. Most insects living near the soil have evolved natural defenses against the fungus, but many other insects are susceptible.
The fungus does not appear to infect humans or other animals and is considered safe as an insecticide but the spores might cause a problem to people with breathing difficulties. The microscopic spores are typically sprayed on affected areas; the plan for malaria control is to coat mosquito nets with them.
"Beauveria bassiana" parasitizes a very wide range of arthropod hosts, and so should be considered a nonselective pesticide. It should not be applied to flowers visited by pollinating insects.
Known targets include:
"Beauveria bassiana" rapidly colonizes the host organism, killing within a matter of days, depending on ambient temperatures. Best action is achieved during warm, humid weather.
Primarily applied as an emulsified suspension (ES) or wettable powder (WP), though research is being done into using lures in order to limit exposure to non-target species.
The low selectivity of this biocontrol is cause for great concern and caution when applying. It can affect beneficial insects (such as lady beetles), and can also affect the lungs and nasal passages of mammals, including humans, particularly in individuals with compromised immune systems, though the US EPA lists it as safe for human exposure, with "no expected health risks to humans."
Soil dwelling arthropods generally have resistance, as the fungus is common in soils throughout the world.
Beetles are the most diverse group of insects. Their order, Coleoptera (meaning "sheathed wing"), has more described species in it than in any other order in the animal kingdom. Forty percent of all described insect species are beetles (about 350,000 species), and new species are regularly discovered. Estimates put the total number of species, described and undescribed, at between 5 and 8 million. For this reason, the Scottish geneticist J. B. S. Haldane, when asked what his studies of nature revealed about God, replied, "An inordinate fondness for beetles."
Beetles can be found in almost all habitats, but are not known to occur in the sea or in the polar regions. They impact the ecosystem in several ways. On the one hand, they feed on plants and fungi, break down animal and plant debris, and eat other invertebrates. On the other hand, they are prey of various animals including birds and mammals. Certain species are agricultural pests, such as the red flour beetle "../Tribolium castaneum/", the Colorado potato beetle "../Leptinotarsa decemlineata/", or the mungbean beetle "../Callosobruchus maculatus/", while others are important controls of agricultural pests. For example, ../Lady Beetles/ (family Coccinellidae) consume ../Aphids/, ../Scale Insects/, ../Thrips/, and other plant-sucking insects that damage crops.
The general anatomy of beetles is quite uniform, though specific organs and appendages may vary greatly in appearance and function between the many families in the order. Beetle bodies are divided into three sections: the head, the thorax, and the abdomen. When viewed from below, the thorax is that part from which all three pairs of legs arise. The abdomen, then, is everything posterior to the thorax. When viewed from above, most beetles appear to have three clear sections, but this is deceptive: on the beetle's upper surface, the middle "section" is a hard plate called the pronotum, which is only the front part of the thorax; the back part of the thorax is concealed by the beetle's wings. Like all insects, beetles are [segmented organisms, and all three of the major sections of the body are themselves composed of several further segments, although these are not always readily discernible. This further segmentation can usually best be seen on the abdomen.
Beetles are generally characterised by a particularly hard exoskeleton, hard forewings (elytra), and chewing mouth parts. The beetle's exoskeleton is made up of numerous plates called sclerites, separated by thin sutures. This design creates the armoured defences of the beetle while maintaining flexibility. The elytra are not used for flight, but tend to cover the hind part of the body and protect the second pair of wings (alae). The elytra must be raised in order to move the hind flight wings. A beetle's flight wings are crossed with veins and, after landing, are folded, often along these veins, and stored below the elytra.
In some beetles the ability to fly has been lost, most notably in the ../Ground Beetle/s (family Carabidae) and the "true ../Weevils" (family ../Curculionidae/), but also in some desert and cave-dwelling species of other families. Many of these species have the two elytra fused together, forming a solid shield over the abdomen. In a few families, both the ability to fly and the elytra have been lost, with the best known example being the glowworms of the family Phengodidae, in which the females are larviform throughout their lives.
Beetles have mouthparts similar to those of grasshoppers. Of these parts, the most commonly known are probably the mandibles, which appear as large pincers on the front of some beetles. The mandibles are a pair of hard, often tooth-like structures that move horizontally to grasp, crush, or cut food or enemies (see Defence, below). Two pairs of finger-like appendages are found around the mouth in most beetles, serving to move food into the mouth. These are the maxillary and labial palpi.
The eyes are compound and may display remarkable adaptability, as in the case of whirligig beetles (family Gyrinidae), in which the eyes are split to allow a view both above and below the waterline. Other species also have divided eyes — some longhorn beetles (family Cerambycidae) and weevils — while many beetles have eyes that are notched to some degree. A few beetle genera also possess ocelli, which are small, simple eyes usually situated farther back on the head (on the vertex).
Beetle antennae are primarily organs of smell, but may also be used to feel out a beetle's environment physically. They may also be used in some families during mating, or among a few beetles for defence. Antennae vary greatly in form within the Coleoptera, but are often similar within any given family. In some cases, males and females of the same species will have different antennal forms. Antennae may be ( and are sub-forms of clavate, or clubbed antennae), , , , , or . For images of these antennal forms, see antenna (biology).
The legs, which are multi-segmented, end in two to five small segments called tarsi, which are vaguely comparable to feet. Like many other insect orders beetles bear claws, usually one pair, on the end of the last tarsal segment of each leg. While most beetles use their legs for walking, legs may be variously modified and adapted for other uses. Among aquatic families — predacious diving beetles (Dytiscidae), crawling water beetles (Haliplidae), many water scavenger beetles (Hydrophilidae), and others — the legs, most notably the hind pair, are modified for swimming and often bear rows of long hairs to aid this purpose. Other beetles have fossorial legs that are widened and often spined for digging. Species with such adaptations are found among the scarabs, ground beetles, and clown beetles (family Histeridae). The hind legs of some beetles, such as ../Flea Beetle/s (within Chrysomelidae) and flea weevils (within Curculionidae), are enlarged and designed for jumping.
Oxygen is obtained via a tracheal system. Air enters a series of tubes along the body through openings called spiracles, and is then taken into increasingly finer fibres. Pumping movements of the body force the air through the system.
Beetles have hemolymph instead of blood, and the open circulatory system of the beetle is powered by a tube-like heart attached to the top inside of the thorax.
Beetles undergo complete metamorphosis, meaning that the larval form does not resemble the adult.
A single female may lay from several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime. Eggs are usually laid according to the substrate the larva will feed on upon hatching. Among others, they can be laid loose in the substrate (e.g. flour beetle), laid in clumps on leaves (e.g. Colorado potato beetle), or individually attached (e.g. mungbean beetle and other seed borers) or buried in the soil (e.g. carrot weevil).
The larva is usually the principal feeding stage of the beetle lifecycle. Larvae tend to feed voraciously once they emerge from their eggs. Some feed externally on plants, such as those of certain leaf beetles, while others feed within their food sources. Examples of internal feeders are most metallic wood-boring beetles (family Buprestidae) and longhorn beetles. The larvae of many beetle families are predatory like the adults (ground beetles, lady beetles, rove beetles). The larval period varies between species but can be as long as several years.
Beetle larvae can be differentiated from other insect larvae by their hardened, often darkened head, the presence of chewing mouthparts, and spiracles along the sides of the body. Like adult beetles, the larvae are varied in appearance, particularly between beetle families. Beetles whose larvae are somewhat flattened and are highly mobile are the ground beetles, some rove beetles, and others; their larvae are described as campodeiform. Some beetle larvae resemble hardened worms with dark head capsules and minute legs. These are elateriform larvae, and are found in the click beetle (Elateridae) and darkling beetle (Tenebrionidae) families. Some elateriform larvae of click beetles are known as wireworms. Beetles in the families of the Scarabaeoidea have short, thick larvae described as scarabaeiform, but more commonly known as grubs.
All beetle larvae go through several instars, which are the developmental stages between each moult. In many species the larvae simply increase in size with each successive instar as more food is consumed. In some cases, however, more dramatic changes occur. Among certain beetle families or genera, particularly those that exhibit parasitic lifestyles, the first instar (the planidium) is highly mobile in order to search out a host, while the following instars are more sedentary and remain on or within their host. This is known as hypermetamorphosis; examples include the blister beetles (family Meloidae) and some rove beetles, particularly those of the genus "Aleochara".
As with all endopterygotes, beetle larvae pupate, and from this pupa emerges a fully formed, sexually mature adult beetle, or imago. Adults have an extremely variable lifespan, from weeks to years, depending on the species.
Beetles may display extremely intricate behaviour when mating. Smell is thought to be important in the location of a mate.
Conflict can play a part in the mating rituals of species such as burying beetles (genus "Nicrophorus") where conflicts between males and females rage until only one of each is left, thus ensuring reproduction by the strongest and fittest. Many beetles are territorial and will fiercely defend their small patch of territory from intruding males.
Pairing is generally short but in some cases will last for several hours. During pairing sperm cells are transferred to the female to fertilize the eggs.
Parental care varies between species, ranging from the simple laying of eggs under a leaf to certain scarab beetles, which construct impressive underground structures complete with a supply of dung to house and feed their young. Other beetles are leaf rollers, biting sections of leaves to cause them to curl inwards, then laying their eggs, thus protected, inside.
Beetles and their larvae have a variety of strategies to avoid being attacked by predators or parasitoids. These include camouflage, mimicry, toxicity, and active defence.
Camouflage involves the use of colouration or shape to blend into the surrounding environment. Among those that exhibit this defensive strategy are some of the leaf beetles (family Chysomelidae), having green colouring very similar to their habitat on plant leaves. More complex camouflage also occurs, as with some weevils, where various coloured scales or hairs cause the beetle to resemble bird dung.
Another defence that often uses colour or shape to deceive potential enemies is mimicry. A number of longhorn beetles (family Cerambycidae) bear a striking resemblance to wasps, which fools predators into keeping their distance even though the beetles are in fact harmless. This defence can be found to a lesser extent in other beetle families, such as the scarab beetles. Beetles may combine their colour mimicry with behavioural mimicry, acting like the wasps they already closely resemble.
Many beetle species, including ../Lady Beetle/s and ../Blister Beetle/s, can secrete distasteful or toxic substances to make them unpalatable or even poisonous. These same species often exhibit aposematism, where bright or contrasting colour patterns warn away potential predators.
Large ground beetles and longhorn beetles may go on the attack, using their strong mandibles to forcibly persuade a predator to seek out easier prey. Others, such as bombardier beetles (within Carabidae) spray acidic gas from their abdomen to repel predators.
Besides being abundant and varied, the Coleoptera are able to exploit the wide diversity of food sources available in their many habitats. Some are generalists, eating both plants and animals. Other beetles are highly specialised in their diet. Many species of leaf beetles, longhorn beetles, and weevils are very host specific, feeding on only a single species of plant. Ground beetles and ../Rove Beetles/ (family Staphylinidae), among others, are primarily carnivorous and will catch and consume many other arthropods and small prey such as earthworms and snails. While most predatory beetles are generalists, a few species have more specific prey requirements or preferences.
Decaying organic matter is a primary diet for many species. This can range from dung, which is consumed by coprophagous species such as certain scarab beetles (family Scarabaeidae), to dead animals, which are eaten by necrophagous species such as the carrion beetles (family Silphidae). Some of the beetles found within dung and carrion are in fact predatory, such as the clown beetles, preying on the larvae of coprophagous and necrophagous insects.
Aquatic beetles use several techniques for retaining air beneath the water's surface. Predaceous diving beetles hold air between the abdomen and the elytra when diving. Water scavenger beetles have hairs on their under surface that retain a layer of air against their bodies. Adult crawling water beetles use both their elytra and their hind coxae (the basal segment of the back legs) in air retention (Roughley 2001) while whirligig beetles simply carry a bubble down with them whenever they dive.
Many agricultural, forestry, and household insect pests are members of this order. Some of these are:
Some farmers develop w:beetle banks to foster and provide cover for beneficial beetles.
The silverleaf whitefly ("Bemisia argentifolii", formerly referred to as sweetpotato whitefly-strain B "Bemisia tabaci") is one of several whiteflies that are currently important agricultural pests. The silverleaf whitefly was first found in poinsettia crops in Florida in the mid-1980's. It was found to have moved on to tomatoes and other fruit and vegetable crops less than a year later. Within five years, the silverleaf whitefly had caused over $100 million in damage to the Texas and California agriculture industries.
The adult silverleaf whitefly is about 1 millimeter in length and pale yellow in color.
In addition to inflicting typical whitefly-type damage on plants, this species can transmit plant viruses such as geminiviruses. The broad mite ("Polyphagotarsonemus latus") also uses the whitefly as a dispersal mechanism by clinging to the legs of the fly and dropping off at another plant.
This particular pest has been shown to be a good candidate for biological pest control, as it has several natural enemies, including parasitic wasps such as "Encarsia" and "Eretmocerus".
Berberis thunbergii (Japanese barberry or Thunberg's Barberry) is a species of "../Berberis/", native to Japan and eastern Asia. It is widely grown as an ornamental plant, both in Japan and elsewhere in the temperate Northern Hemisphere. Numerous cultivars have been selected, including plants selected for yellow, dark red to violet, or variegated foliage, erect growth, and dwarf size.
It is a densely branched, deciduous, spiny, suckering shrub which grows 1-2 (3) m high, with a "fountain-like" form when unpruned, though cultivars may be fastigiate to nearly prostrate. It has deeply grooved, brown, spiny branches with a single (occasionally tridentine) spine (actually a highly modified leaf) at each shoot node. The leaves are green to blue-green, very small, spatula to oval shaped, 12–24 mm long and 3–15 mm broad; they are produced in clusters of 2-6 on a dwarf shoot in the axil of each spine. The flowers are pale yellow, 5–8 mm diameter, produced in drooping 1-1.5 cm long umbrella-shaped clusters of 2–5; flowering is from mid spring to early summer. The fruit is a glossy bright red to orange-red, ovoid berry 7–10 mm long and 4–7 mm broad, containing a single seed. They mature during late summer and fall and persist through the winter.
It is sometimes confused with "Berberis canadensis" (American Barberry), "Berberis vulgaris" (European Barberry), and other deciduous "Berberis" species; it is most readily distinguished by the flowers being produced in umbels, not racemes.
Well-drained soils in full sun to shade.
In recent years it has become an invasive species in parts of the eastern United States; in Canada its cultivation is prohibited as the species can act as a host for "../Puccinia graminis/" (black rust), a rust disease of wheat. Currently there are breeding and selection programs aimed at producing cultivars that are either sterile or produce relatively little seed.
As specimens, hedges, or barrier plants. The flowers are an excellent nectar source.
Pruning is a rather hazardous undertaking. Fine-pruning is best done in winter, shearing better in spring when clippings can fall into the plant. Branches are somewhat fragile, so care should be taken when raking off clippings.
Readily transplants, but again transplanting is difficult due to the spines.
Self-seeds readily. Cultivars propagated by cuttings.
See "../Berberis/" for a list of pests and diseases.
Devil's beggartick ("Bidens frondosa") is an annual herb in the family Asteraceae, native to North America.
This plant is known by a variety of different names, including Bur Marigold, Devil's Bootjack, Devil's pitchfork, Pitchfork Weed, and Sticktight.
The sticky seeds make this plant a nuisance for pet and livestock owners, and it is generally seen as a weed.
It looks similar to a "Dahlia" plant, up to 2 m tall, usually with reddish stems. Its flowers are yellow, produced in early autumn, followed by numerous seeds with hooked barbs that attach onto passing animals' fur or clothing or sometimes even skin which allow the seeds to be dispersed widely.
During flowering, the plant is an autumn nectar source, though other plants should be used instead because of the seed problems.
Biocontrols for plant pathogens include organism that consume, parasitize, or are antagonistic to the pathogenic organisms.
Biocontrols that consume pathogens are generally soil organisms that use the pathogen as a nutrient source.
Parasites include fungi and bacteria that are pathogens of the pathogen.
Antagonistic organisms inhibit the pathogen by interfering with their biology.
Biocontrols for Plant Pathogens
Biocontrols for Plant Pathogens
For some weeds, particularly invasive species, biocontrols have been selected and developed as a form of passive control in natural areas. While they are rarely used in garden situations, they are sometimes employed in managing meadows or woodlands. Most weed biocontrols are insects, though certain fungi are also used for some cases.
Biocontrols are much more commonly used for management of pest animals and microorganisms.
Biological control of pests and diseases is a method of controlling pests and diseases in agriculture that relies on natural predation rather than introduced chemicals.
A key belief of the organic gardener is that biodiversity furthers health. The more variety a landscape has, the more sustainable it is. The organic gardener therefore works to create a system where the insects that are sometimes called pests and the pathogens that cause diseases are not eradicated, but instead are kept at manageable levels by a complex system of checks and balances within a living and vibrant ecosystem. Contrary to more 'conventional' gardening practices which often use chemical methods to kill both useful and harmful garden life forms indiscriminately, this is a holistic approach that seeks to develop an understanding of the webs of interaction between the myriad of organisms that constitute the garden fauna and flora. The organic gardener will often hold the view for example that the eradication of the creatures that are often described as pests is not only not possible, but also undesirable, for without them the beneficial predatory and parasitic insects which depend upon them as food or hosts would not be able to survive.
In a healthy natural woodland where there is little direct human intervention, pest and disease organisms will always be present, but, unless there is a drastic environmental change, will normally kept in a state of equilibrium where they are not able to get out of hand to a level which is detrimental to the overall woodland community. This is the model for which the sensitive organic gardener will strive, but at the same time it is wise to recognise that there will often be some degree of intervention needed to manipulate the natural checks and balances to the gardener's favour, particularly if growing plants for food or ornament which would not normally occur in natural situations. Therefore biological control is about developing a range of techniques that use living organisms to maintain the beneficial equilibria in garden landscapes without causing adverse effects to humans or the wider environment. Of course, introducing exotic insects into any ecosystem entails taking risks of moving further from the intended equilibrium through unexpected interactions.
An important part of the biological gardening approach is to become familiar with the various life forms that inhabit the garden, predators as well as pests, and also their life cycles, patterns of feeding and the habitats that they prefer.
Insects have devised many ways to eat other insects. Predators will directly attack and devour their prey, whilst parasitoids will deposit an egg within another insects body, from which a larva will emerge which will devour the host's innards.
ladybugs, and in particular their larvae which are active between May and July, are voracious predators of aphids, and will also consume mites, scale insects and small caterpillars. The ladybird is a very familiar beetle with red and black markings, whilst its larvae are initially small and spidery, growing up to 17 mm long. It has a tapering segmented grey/black body with orange/yellow markings nettles in the garden and by leaving hollow stems and some plant debris over-winter so that they can hibernate over winter.
../Hoverflies/ are another very welcome garden predator. Resembling slightly darker bees or wasps, they have characteristic hovering, darting flight patterns. There are over 100 species of hoverfly whose larvae principally feed upon greenfly, one larva devouring up to fifty a day, or 1000 in its lifetime. They also eat fruit tree spider mites and small caterpillars. Adults feed on nectar and pollen, which they require for egg production. Eggs are minute (1 mm), pale yellow white and laid singly near greenfly colonies. Larvae are 8–17 mm long, disguised to resemble bird droppings, they are legless and have no distinct head. Semi-transparent in a range of colours from green, white, brown and black.
Hoverflies can be encouraged by growing attractant flowers such as the poached egg plant "(../Limnanthes douglasii/)", marigolds or phacelia throughout the growing season.
../Dragonflies/ are important predators of mosquitoes, both in the water, where the dragonfly nyads eat mosquito larvae, and in the air, where adult dragonflies capture and eat adult mosquitoes. Community-wide mosquito control programs that spray adult mosquitoes also kill dragonflies, thus removing an important biocontrol agent, and can actually increase mosquito populations in the long term.
Other useful garden predators include lacewings, anthrocorid bugs, rove and ground beetles, aphid midge, centipedes, predatory mites, as well as megafauna such as frogs, toads, hedgehogs, slow-worms and birds. Cats and rat terriers kill field mice, rats, June bugs, and birds. Dogs chase away many types of pest animals. Dachshunds are bred specifically to fit inside tunnels underground to kill gophers and rabbits.
A diverse range of wasps lay their eggs on or in the body of an insect host, which is then used as a food for developing wasps. Parasitic wasps take much longer than predators to consume their victims, for if the larvae were to eat too fast they would run out of food before they became adults. Such parasites are very useful in the organic garden, for they are very efficient hunters, always at work searching for pest invaders. As adults they require high energy fuel as they fly from place to place, and feed upon nectar, pollen and sap, therefore planting plenty of flowering plants, particularly buckwheat, umbellifers and composites will encourage their presence.
Three of the most important groups are;
Choosing a diverse range of plants for the garden can help to regulate pests in a variety of ways, including;
Acting as trap plants by providing an alluring food that entices pests away from crops.
The following are plants often used in vegetable gardens to deter insects 
Most of the biological controls listed above depend on providing incentives in order to 'naturally' attract beneficial insects to the garden. However there are occasions when biological controls can be directly introduced. Common biocontrol agents include parasitoids, predators, pathogens or weed feeders. This is particularly appropriate in situations such as the greenhouse, a largely artificial environment, and are usually purchased by mail order.
Some biocontrol agents that can be introduced include;
Biological control proves to be very successful economically, and even when the method has been less successful, it still produces a benefit-to-cost ratio of 11:1. One study has estimated that a successful biocontrol program returns £32 in benefits for each £1 invested in developing and implementing the program, i.e., a 32:1 benefit-to-cost ratio. The same study had shown that an average chemical pesticide program only returned profits in the ratio of 2.5:1.
Blight refers to a specific symptom that can be expressed by plants in response to infection by a plant pathogenic organism. It is simply a rapid and complete chlorosis, browning, then death of plant tissues such as leaves, branches, twigs, or floral organs. Accordingly, many diseases that primarily exhibit this symptom are called blights. Several notable examples are:
On leaf tissue, symptoms of blight are characterized by the initial appearance of lesions which rapidly engulf surrounding tissue. However, lesions of diseases that cause leaf spots may, in advanced stages, expand to kill entire areas of leaf tissue and thus exhibit blight symptoms.
Blights
<Horticulture/Soils and Composts
Bokashi means "fermented matter" and is a method that uses a mix of microorganisms to cover food waste to decrease smell. It is an anaerobic -- lacking oxygen -- fermentation process that breaks down matter in about four to six weeks.
It derives from the practice of Japanese farmers centuries ago of covering food waste with rich, local soil that contained the microorganisms that would ferment the waste. After a few weeks, they would bury the waste. Some weeks later it would become soil.. So, Bokashi is a two-step method: collecting food in an oxygen free setting, usually inside, and then letting nature decompose the rest outside, underground
Most practitioners obtain the microorganisms from the product Effective Microorganisms (EM1), first sold in the 1980s. EM1 is mixed with a carbon base (e.g. sawdust or wheat or rice bran) that it sticks to and a sugar for food (e.g. molasses). The mixture is layered with waste in a sealed container and after a few weeks, removed and buried.
Newspaper fermented in a lactobacillus culture can be substituted for bokashi bran for a successful bokashi bucket.
EM-1 contains these three types of microorganisms:
For 4.5 kg of Bokashi:
Dissolve the molasses in the water. Add the EM microbes. Put the bran in a container big enough to hold it. Add the liquid and stir it up well with your hands. The mixture should be damp enough to hold together when you squeeze it into a ball but not so wet liquid is dripping from it. Adjust the moisture by adding either a bit more liquid or more bran.
Put the damp bran into an airtight container.A dark garbage bag in fine. Squeeze out all the air and fasten the top securely. Let it sit in a warm place out of the way for a minimum of two weeks. It's okay to leave it longer.
There may be some white mold on the fermented bran at the end of the two weeks. This is good. If however the mold is black or green it means either some air got in or the material was too wet.
For storing long term dry the bran well. Ten pounds of bokashi would last the average family 6-10 months. Properly dried it can be stored for several years. Store in an airtight container out of direct light.
/Composting
This is an outline/stub...:
Heteroptera is a group of about 40,000 species of insects (also called true bugs) in the order Hemiptera. The word "Heteroptera" is Greek for "different wings": most species have forewings with both membranous and hardened portions (called hemelytra); members of the primitive infraorder Enicocephalomorpha have wings that are completely membranous. The name Heteroptera is used in two very different ways in modern classifications; it commonly appears as a suborder within Hemiptera, but also as a rankless (non-Linnaean) but monophyletic grouping of infraorders within the suborder Prosorrhyncha of the order Hemiptera. The use of the name may eventually be rejected due to some taxonomical problems.
Heteroptera includes both pest insects and beneficial (predatory) insects, some of which are sold in the trade as biocontrols. The order also includes a number of aquatic insects ("water bugs"), including the water striders.
True bugs have a "plate" called a "scutellum" behind the head, which is triangular. Most species have forewings with both membranous and hardened portions (called hemelytra), most are good fliers as adults. Like all ../Hemiptera/ns, they have piercing-sucking mouthparts they use to extract plant juices.
Note: Any control for a pest bug will also kill the beneficial bugs. 
Sorensen J.T., Campbell B.C., Gill R.J., Steffen-Campbell J.D., 1995. Non-monophyly of Auchenorrhyncha ("Homoptera"), based upon 18S rDNA phylogeny: eco-evolutionary and cladistic implications with pre-Heteropteroidea Hemiptera (s.l.) and a proposal for new monophyletic suborders. "Pan-Pacific Entomologist", 71 (1): 31-60
Canker is a general term for a large number of different plant diseases, characterised by broadly similar symptoms including the appearance of distorted, tumor-like growth and areas of dead tissue, which grow slowly, often over a period of years. Some are of only minor consequence, but others are ultimately lethal, and of major economic importance in agriculture and horticulture. Different cankers and anthracnoses are caused by a wide range of organisms, including fungi, bacteria,phytoplasmas and viruses. The majority of canker-causing organisms are tied obligately to a single host species or genus, but a few will attack a wider range of plants.
Some cankers are treatable with fungicides or bactericides, but many are not; often the only treatment available is to destroy the infected plant to prevent the disease from spreading to other plants.
Cankers
The Bulbous Cress, Bittercress, or Spring Cress ("Cardamine bulbosa") is a perennial plant native to eastern North America. This plant grows in moist soils of bottomland woods and wet meadows.
In late spring and early summer, white flowers are produced well above the foliage.
Hairy bittercress, "Cardamine hirsuta", is a winter annual plant native to Europe and Asia, but also present in North America as an invasive weed. The plant is a member of the mustard family (../Brassicaceae/), and is edible as a bitter herb. Other common or country names include bittercress, land-cress and lamb's cress.
Hairy bittercress germinates in autumn, and is present through the winter as a basal rosette of pinnately compound leaves. It flowers sporadically in autumn, and then from late winter through spring. The small white flowers are borne in a corymb on wiry green stems, soon followed by the seeds and often continuing to flower as the first seeds ripen. The seed are borne in siliquae which, as with many "Brassica" species, will burst explosively, often when touched, sending the seeds flying far from the parent plant. Seeds germinate in the Autumn, and the plants are green throughout the winter months. 
Hairy bittercress can be very invasive and often arises when seeds are introduced unintentionally in the soil of plants that have been brought home from a nursery or garden center. This plant grows best in consistently damp, recently disturbed soil. These are conditions that are prevalent in nursery-grown plants, and hairy bittercress may "hitch a ride" in the containers.
Can be eaten as a bitter herb.
During the winter months, this plant can be left in place as a cover crop on bare soil, though it should generally be flamed or tilled in before it sets seed unless one intends to use it as a winter cover the next year.
A caterpillar is the larval form of a lepidopteran (a member of the insect order comprising |butterflies and moths).
Caterpillars have long segmented bodies. They have six true legs on three thoracic segments, and up to four pairs of prolegs on the middle segments of the abdomen, and often a single pair of prolegs on the last abdominal segment. There are ten abdominal segments. Sawfly larvae (Hymenoptera) superficially resemble caterpillars, but can be distinguished because they have prolegs on every abdominal segment, whereas the true caterpillar does not. Another difference is that lepidopteran caterpillars have crochets or hooks on the prolegs. Thus, true caterpillars always have a few abdominal segments lacking prolegs, in some cases several, or even all segments may lack them. The geometrids, also known as inchworms or loopers, are so named because of the way they locomote, appearing to measure the earth (the word "geometrid" means "earth-measurer" in Greek); the primary reason for this unusual locomotion is the elimination of nearly all the prolegs.
Both caterpillars and sawfly larvae have soft bodies that can grow rapidly between molts, like a balloon. Only the head capsule is hardened. In caterpillars, the mandibles are tough and sharp for chewing leaves; in most adult Lepidoptera mandibles are highly reduced or soft. Behind the mandibles are the spinnerets, for manipulating silk. Another distinctive characteristic of the caterpillar is the upside down Y on the front of the head (Scoble, 1995).
Like all insects, caterpillars do not breathe through their mouths. Air enters their bodies through a series of small tubules along the sides of their thorax and abdomen. These tubules are called "spiracles", and inside the body they connect together into a network of airtubes.
Caterpillars do not have very good eyesight. Rather than having fully-developed eyes they have a series of six tiny eyelets or 'stemmata' on each side of the lower portion of their head. They can probably form well focused, but poorly resolved images (Scoble, 1995). They move their heads from side to side probably as a means of aiding the resolution of objects, particularly plants. They rely on their short antennae to help them locate food. The larvae of sawflies differ from true caterpillars in this respect, as well, as they have prominent ocelli on the head capsule.
Some caterpillars are able to detect vibrations, usually at a highly specific frequency.
Caterpillars of the common hook-tip moth, "Drepana arcuata "(Drepanoidea) produce sounds to defend their silk nests from members of their own species (Yack et al., 2001) by scraping against the leaf in a 'ritualized acoustic duel.' They detect the vibration of the leaf, not air-borne sounds. Similarly, cherry leaf rollers "Caloptilia serotinella" defend their rolls (Fletcher et al., 2006). Tent caterpillars can also detect vibrations at the frequency of wing beats of one of their natural enemies (Fitzgerald, 1995).
Many species of birds and animals consider caterpillars as protein rich food, and caterpillars have evolved various defences. Some caterpillars have large "false eyes" towards the rear of their abdomen. This is an attempt to convince predators that their back is actually their front, giving them an opportunity to escape to the 'rear' when attacked. Others have a body colouration that closely resembles their food plant, or common objects in the environment, such as bird droppings. Many feed in leaf mines, ties, or rolls. Others will use startle or intimidation, with the sudden presentation of eye spots or snake mimicry.
Some caterpillars will regurgitate acidic digestive juices at attacking enemies. Others use the skunk-like defence of producing bad smells from extrudible glands: osmeteria.
More aggressive self-defence measures are taken by hairy caterpillars. These caterpillars have spiny bristles or long fine hair-like setae with detachable tips that will irritate by lodging in the skin or mucous membranes (Scoble, 1995). However, some birds, like cuckoos, will swallow even the hairiest of caterpillars. The most aggressive defenses are those of the many caterpillars that have bristles associated with venom glands, called urticating hairs, and one of these is among the most potent defensive chemicals in any animals; e.g., the defensive chemical produced by the South American silk moth genus "Lonomia" is an anticoagulant of such potency that it can kill a human, causing them to hemorrhage to death ("see" Lonomiasis; Malaque et al. 2006) This chemical is being investigated for potential medical applications (i.e., to prevent blood clotting). Most urticating hairs range in effect from mild irritation to dermatitis.
Some caterpillars eat the leaves of plants that are toxic to other animals. They are unaffected by the poison themselves, but it builds up in their system, making them highly toxic to anything that eats one of them. These toxic species, such as the Cinnabar moth ("Tyria jacobaeae") caterpillars, are brightly striped or coloured in black, red and yellow—the danger colours (see aposematism).
The aim of all these aggressive defense measures is to assure that any predator that eats (or tries to eat) one of them will avoid future attempts.
Some caterpillars obtain protection by associating themselves with ants. The Lycaenid butterflies are particularly well known for this. They communicate with their ant protectors by means of vibrations as well as chemical means (Travassos and Pierce, 2000).
Caterpillars have rightfully been called eating machines. They eat leaves voraciously, shed their skins generally four or five times, and eventually pupate into an adult form. Caterpillars have the fastest growth rate of any animal in the world. For instance, a tobacco hornworm will increase its own weight ten thousand times in less than twenty days. One of their adaptations that enables them to eat this much is a mechanism in a specialized midgut which transports ions at a very high rate to the lumen (midgut cavity), to keep the potassium level higher in the midgut cavity than in the blood. This mechanism is not found in any vertebrates.
Caterpillars are predominantly herbivores: 99% of species feed on plants (Pierce, 1995). A few feed on detritus including the clothes moth. Of those that are predatory, most feed on eggs of other insects, aphids, scale insects, or ant larvae. Some are cannibals, and others prey on caterpillars of other species (e.g. Hawai'ian "Eupithecia" ). A few are parasitic on cicadas or leaf hoppers (Pierce, 1995).
Some Hawai'ian caterpillars use techniques similar to spiders to hunt their prey of snails (Rubinoff and Haines, 2005). 
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g==External features of a caterpillar==
uihfrwrheiusfhuvirdshbfuodcjnhwdsf
crsdkzfncjoerhdsnkfnkwrsdf
cerkndfsngfvketdkrnhy
g
"Celastrus orbiculatus", Chinese Bittersweet, Oriental Bittersweet, or Oriental Staff Vine is a twining woody vine native to East Asia, but naturalised in other parts of the world, and invasive in a large region of North America. The vine was introduced into North America in 1879, and has since become a damaging weed.
The defining characteristic are the vines themselves. Young vines are thin spindly, with silver to reddish brown bark. Older vines become thick and trunk-like, with a somewhat shiny gray bark with prominent dots (lenticels). When growing without supports to climb it forms shrubby thickets, but more commonlty is found growing over trees or shrubs climbing by twisting around the branches or trunks. The encircling vines frequently girdle the supporting tree or branch.
The leaves are round and glossy, 2–12 cm long, have toothed margins and grow in alternate patterns along the vines. Small green flowers produce the distinctive red seeds. The seeds are encased in yellow pods that break open during autumn. All parts of the plant are poisonous.
Before it was recognized as a destructive invasive species, Oriental staff vine was planted along roadsides to help control soil erosion. The orange red berries and the vines that hold them are popular as holiday decorations.
Because of these uses, Oriental staff vine has taken over landscapes, roadsides, and woods. In the United States it can be found as far south as Virginia, as far north as New York, and as far west as the Rocky Mountains. It prefers mesic woods, where it has been known to eclipse native plants.
Oriental staff vine has spread very quickly in the United States, and can be quite damaging to native plants and ecosystems. The easiest way to get rid of a small infestation is by ripping the plants out of the ground by their roots. If there is a large colony of them the recommended course of action is to cut at the root, and apply glyphosphate, as most herbicides have no effect on the vine. The application of glyphosphate should be done at the beginning of winter.
Diffuse knapweed ("Centaurea diffusa"), also known as white knapweed, is a member of the Genus ../Centaurea/ in the Family ../Asteraceae/. It is native to Asia Minor (Turkey, Syria), the Balkans, (Bulgaria, Greece, Romania), Ukraine, and southern Russia.
Diffuse knapweed is an annual or biennial plant, generally growing to between 10 and 60 cm in height. It has a highly branched stem and a large taproot, as well as a basal rosette of leaves with smaller leaves alternating on the upright stems. Flowers are usually white or pink and grow out of urn-shaped heads carried at the tips of the many branches. Diffuse knapweed often assumes a short rosette form for one year, reaching maximum size, then rapidly growing and flowering during the second year. A single plant can produce approximately 18,000 seeds.
Diffuse knapweed is considered an invasive species throughout North America, having established itself in many areas of the continent. "C. diffusa" was first identified from North America in 1907 when it was found in an alfalfa field in Washington state. The seeds had presumably been transported in an impure alfalfa seed shipment coming from somewhere in the species native range. Now present in at least 19 states in the United States, it has invaded all contiguous states west of the Rockies and additionally in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Jersey. Portions of western Canada have also been infested by this plant.
The plant is very resistant to drought, spreads quickly, and possesses other competitive advantages that have allowed it to establish and flourish in its introduced range. Areas in which diffuse knapweed has been established generally are plains rangelands or forest benchlands. Land that has been recently disturbed—by human or natural processes—is favored for the establishment of diffuse knapweed. It has the potential to prosper in semi-arid and arid environments and seems to favor light, dry, porous soils. Areas with large amounts of shade or high levels of water discourage diffuse knapweed growth.
Dispersion occurs in the following ways:
Wind is the primary means by which diffuse knapweed seeds are spread.
Effective control of diffuse knapweed requires a fusion of well-executed land management, biological control, physical control, chemical control and reestablishment of the native species. Any method of control must ensure that the root is removed or the plant will grow back. Additionally, native plant growth in areas where diffuse knapweed has been removed should be encouraged to prevent reestablishment. 
The largest impact of humans on diffuse knapweed is certainly due to our efforts in controlling and eradicating its invasive populations. The several methods outlined in the control section represent a small sample of literally hundreds of approaches being tried with varying levels of effectiveness. Besides reducing the spread of diffuse knapweed, we are also providing selective pressure against the individuals that cannot withstand a certain method of control. Selective pressure, given sufficient time, can cause the adaptation or evolution of invasive species such as diffuse knapweed. If an individual diffuse knapweed plant survives control efforts because of a trait it possesses, its progeny will make up a greater portion of the population than the plants that succumbed to the control.
The success of diffuse knapweed must be attributed to a combination of several mechanisms. Its invasiveness is due to a mix of allelopathy, ERH and superior resource competition. However, the most importance must be attributed to the ERH because diffuse knapweed, while a very effective invasive species in its novel environment, is non-invasive and doesn’t establish monocultures in its native range. It is the differences, biotic and abiotic, between its novel and native surroundings that cause it to be invasive.
To demonstrate that the ERH applies to diffuse knapweed, it is essential to show that the absence of natural enemies has a significant positive effect on its success. One way to show this is to observe the effect of introducing some of diffuse knapweed’s natural enemies into its novel environment. If diffuse knapweed, which generally thrives in its invaded environment, is significantly inhibited through the introduction of natural enemies, it can be concluded that diffuse knapweed is more competitive in the absence of its natural enemies. A recent effort at biocontrol of diffuse knapweed in Camas County, Idaho effectively reduced 8,000 ha (20,000 acres) of knapweed to minimal levels through the release of the lesser knapweed flower weevil and the knapweed root weevil. Since both of the insects released are natural competitors of diffuse knapweed, and since this and other similar efforts at biocontrol have been successful, there is significant evidence that diffuse knapweed benefits from the absence of its natural enemies.
Another aspect of diffuse knapweed’s success relies on the effect of its allelopathic chemicals in its novel environment. Although there is still debate concerning the effectiveness of allelopathic chemicals in the field, the evidence of allelopathic effects demonstrated in a laboratory setting and its propensity to establish monocultures support the importance of allelopathy to diffuse knapweed’s success.
Curiously, diffuse knapweed’s allelopathic chemicals were shown to have a deleterious effect on the North American competitors but were beneficial to its native competitors. While diffuse knapweed’s native competitors are able to compete more effectively in the presence of allelopathic chemicals, the novel competitor’s fitness is decreased. This situation provides an example of the effectiveness of the allelopathy mechanism benefiting from the ERH. The increased effectiveness of allelopathic chemicals cause diffuse knapweed to experience less competitive pressure. As a result, diffuse knapweed is able to establish more predominantly in this new area.
Another connection between allelopathy and the ERH is the fact that concentrations of allelopathic chemicals were found to increase when diffuse knapweed was planted in North American soil as opposed to Eurasian soil. This effect is probably due to the absence of unfavorable soil conditions or soil microorganisms that exist in its native environment. As a result, the allelopathic chemicals will be able to reach higher concentrations, spread farther and therefore be more effective. By effecting more neighboring plants, the favorable changes in soil condition contribute to the success of diffuse knapweed.
Besides the advantages that diffuse knapweed gains from the ERH and allelopathy, it also possesses several characteristically invasive traits. One factor leading to the superior resource competition of diffuse knapweed is its ability to exist in drought conditions. This advantage allows diffuse knapweed to devote its resources to competition while its neighbors are conserving resources to survive. The high number of seeds produced by diffuse knapweed is also a common trait of invasive plants. A higher density of knapweed will not only increase the concentration of allelopathic chemicals in the soil but will also restrict the nutrients available to native plants. Unfortunately, very little research has been conducted to determine the relative competitive ability between diffuse knapweed and its novel competitors. However, tests conducted on the effect of diffuse knapweed on North American grasses in the absence on allelopathic chemicals demonstrated that the fitness of these grasses declined in the presence of diffuse knapweed. Regrettably, we cannot decide if diffuse knapweed is, for general purposes, a better competitor from this data alone. Comparisons of the deleterious effects between these and other pairs of competitors to arrive at a conclusion.
Diffuse knapweed is successful in its novel range primarily because the organisms and conditions that prevent it from becoming invasive in its native environment are absent. It follows that the introduction of species from its native habitat would be an effective method of control. However, the introduction of a non-native organism has the potential to result in another invasive species outbreak. Therefore, any method of biological control must be preceded by analysis of possible effects.
Cerastium vulgatum, one of several closely related species referred mouse-ear chickweed, is a low-growing winter annual native to Europe, but invasive in North America.
Low and spreading (but decumbent when in flower), hairy winter annual with white flowers.
Invasive in North America, and a troublesome weed of gardens and sparse lawns.
A chainsaw (also spelled chain saw) is a portable mechanical, motorized saw. It is most commonly used in logging activities such as felling, delimbing, and bucking; by tree surgeons to fell trees and remove branches and foliage; to fell snags and assist in cutting firebreaks in wildland fire suppression, and to harvest firewood. Chainsaws with specially designed blades have been developed as tools for use in chainsaw art.
Chainsaws consist of a small two-stroke gasoline (petrol) internal combustion engine (although smaller versions sometimes use electric motors), the "guide bar" (essentially a long metal frame of a very hard wearing alloy) and the cutting chain itself. Usually each segment in this chain (which is constructed from riveted metal sections similar to a bicycle chain, but without rollers) features a small sharp blade, called a "tooth." "Skip tooth" chain has a tooth only on every second link, and is used for reduced risk of the chain clogging when cutting very soft wood. In modern saws the teeth are not straight blades; they have a forward section that first chips a piece of wood from the bottom of the cut, then another section, at a right angle to the first, which chips a piece from the wall of the cut. There are left and right handed teeth, depending on which wall of the cut they will chip. Left and right teeth are alternated in the chain.
The underside of each link features a small metal finger that keeps the tooth centered between the rails of the bar, helps to carry lubricating oil around the bar, and engages with the engine's drive sprocket inside the body of the saw. The engine drives the chain around the track at a high speed, providing an effective (if rather rough) cutting action.
Chainsaws usually require two sources of lubrication. Like most two-stroke engines, the engine is lubricated by its fuel, which contains about 2 ~ 5% (depending on model) oil dissolved in the fuel. Since this mixture is highly flammable, a completely separate oil reservoir is used for the external lubrication of the blade and chain. This latter oil is depleted quickly because it tends to be thrown off the chain by centrifugal force. Failing to keep this reservoir topped up, or using an oil of incorrect viscosity, is a common source of damage to saws and tends to lead to the chain coming off of the bar. With some types of wood, the operator will need to occasionally stop and unplug the holes where the oil is dispensed to the chain and guide bar
The air intake filter tends to clog up with sawdust. This must be cleaned from time to time, but is not a problem during normal operation. Many saw operators clean it with petrol, although manufacturers recommend using compressed air to blow the dust off the filter mesh from the inside, or warm, soapy water, and then left to air dry. If these resources are not available, pure, clean gasoline should be used, otherwise the residual oil on the filter will make it clog up again faster.
Chains must be kept very sharp to perform well. This may be done with a round file or a jig (without removing the chain from the saw), or with a specialised electric sharpening jig with the chain removed from the saw. The jigs help ensure that each cutting face is kept at the correct angles, which are carefully balanced to maximise the saw's efficiency. Proper hand-sharpening may produce a better result, but electric sharpeners are faster, particularly when sharpening very dull chains (especially those which have been subjected to dirt, metal or rocks). Carbide chainsaw blades cannot be sharpened by conventional sharpeners and must be sharpened by a diamond sharpener.
Despite safety improvements, chainsaws can be dangerous, and injuries can arise from their use. The most common accident arises from "kickback," when a chain tooth at the upper quadrant of the guide bar tip bites into wood without cutting through it. The chain cannot continue moving, and the bar is driven in an upward arc towards the operator. Kickback can result in serious injuries or death. Another dangerous situation occurs when heavy timber begins to fall or shift when a cut is nearly complete - the chainsaw operator can be trapped or crushed. Operation of chainsaws can also cause vibration white finger, tinnitus or industrial deafness. The risks associated with chainsaw use mean that protective clothing and hearing protectors should be worn while operating them, and many jurisdictions require that operators be certified or licensed to work with chainsaws. Injury can also result if the chain breaks during operation due to poor maintenance or attempting to cut inappropriate materials.
Some saws can have the blade replaced by other attachments, using the saw's "power head" as their motor. Some common attachments are augers, circular saws, winches, hedge trimmers and capstans.
The origin is debated, but the first chainsaw was probably made around 1830 by the German orthopaedist Bernard Heine. This instrument, the "osteotome", had links of a chain carrying small cutting teeth with the edges set at an angle; the chain was moved around a guiding blade by turning the handle of a sprocket wheel. As the name implies, this was used to cut bone.
Two important contributors to the "modern" chainsaw are Joseph Buford Cox and Andreas Stihl; the latter patented and developed a chainsaw in 1926 and a gasoline-powered chainsaw in 1929, and founded a company to mass-produce them. In 1927, Emil Lerp, the founder of Dolmar, developed the world's first gasoline-powered chainsaw and mass-produced them.
McCulloch and Industrial Equipment Corp in North America started to produce chainsaws. The early models were heavy, two-person devices with long bars. Often chainsaws were so heavy that they had wheels like dragsaws. Other outfits used driven lines from a wheeled power unit to drive the cutting bar.
After World War 2, improvements in aluminum and engine design lightened chainsaws to the point where one person could carry them. Chainsaws have almost entirely replaced simple man-powered saws in forestry. They come in many sizes, from small electric saws intended for home and garden use, to large "lumberjack" saws.
Chainsaws
Chard ("Beta vulgaris" var. "cicla"), also known as Swiss Chard, Silverbeet, Perpetual Spinach or Mangold, is a leaf vegetable, and is one of the cultivated descendants of the Sea Beet, "Beta vulgaris" subsp. "maritima". While used for its leaves, it is in the same species as the garden beet, which is grown primarily for its roots.
Chard has shiny green ribbed leaves, with stems that range from white to yellow and red depending on the cultivar. It has a slightly bitter taste. The leaves are generally treated in the same way as spinach and the stems like asparagus. Fresh young chard can also be used raw in salads.
Modern cladistic botanical taxonomic systems such as that of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group place chard and the other beets in family ../Amaranthaceae/, but the older systems more likely to be encountered in horticultural sources place them in a family ../Chenopodiaceae/.
Chard will grow in ordinary garden soil but, like beets, it is best to keep the pH above 6. It may be planted in rows or in beds similarly to spinach but is not susceptible to bolting and can tolerate both hot and cold conditions.
../Cultivar/s of chard include green forms, such as 'Lucullus' and 'Fordhook Giant', as well as red-ribbed forms such as 'Ruby Chard', 'Rainbow Chard', and 'Rhubarb Chard'.
The leaves can be chopped,cooked and consumed as green vegetables or can be picked young and tender for making green salad
Individual well grown plants can become quite large, with leaves two feet tall, but crowded plants will still produce well. The plant can be harvested, leaf by leaf, well into the fall and even after the first frosts.
Can be sawn directly from seeds that are planted 3–5 cm deep,15 cm between plants and 30–40 cm between rows.
They can also be sawn on seedbeds and transplanted to permanent beds after 2–3 weeks from emergence.
This is done at around 3–4 months from emrgence. The Mature leaves (depending on purpose of use: salad or green vegie) are pricked from the main plant and prepared accordingly for use. The plant is cabable of tillering hence the reason for pricking leaves to allow groth of new shoots than picking the whole plant.
This a more resistant plant to pests and diseases. It is in most cases susceptible to leaf diseases such as blight and rust.
For prevention and control, use of resistant varieties and treated seeds is recommended and also uprooting of infected plants to prevent spread.
Many chemicals have been developed for the control of plant pathogens. The majority are fungicides, though antibiotics are also used for bacterial diseases. There are no chemicals for controlling viruses and viroids.
Many of these chemicals are permitted in organic agriculture and accepted in organic horticulture.
Chemical Controls for Plant Pathogens
The Obliquebanded Leafroller is a pest of orchard crops and many ornamentals. It is native to North America, but has been accidentally introduced into other parts of the world.
../Leafrolling Caterpillars/ are green with black heads, adults are small, light brown moths.
Rolled, tied and chewed leaves, minor feeding on fruits. Damage can be extensive on rosaceous plants.
Cirsium arvense, known as Creeping Thistle or Canada Thistle, is a species of the genus "Cirsium", native throughout Europe, Asia and northern Africa.
It is a tall herbaceous perennial plant, forming an extensive underground root system that sends up numerous erect stems each spring, reaching 1–2 m tall; the stems often lie partly flat by summer but can stay erect if supported by other vegetation. The leaves are very spiny, lobed, up to 15–20 cm long and 2–3 cm broad (smaller on the upper part of the flower stem). The inflorescence is 1–2 cm diameter, pink-purple, with all the florets of similar form (no division into disc and ray florets). The seeds are 4–5 mm long, with a downy pappus which assists in wind dispersal.
It is a nuisance weed in its native area, and a very serious invasive species in many other areas of the world.
"Cirsium" species, are, for the most part, not toxic; however, the leaves are considered bitter and therefore rendered inedible; the taproot is considered the most nutritious. In Scotland (especially Fife) they are considered a delicacy, albeit a somewhat unusual one.
This plant is extremely difficult to control, as it can regrow from fairly small root fragments and is resistant to many herbicides.
Claytonia virginica (Eastern spring beauty or fairy-spuds) is a flowering plant in the family Portulacaceae, native to eastern North America. It is found in moist woods and clearings.
It is a trailing plant growing to 5–40 cm long. The leaves are slender lanceolate, 3–14 cm long and 5–13 mm broad, with a 6–20 cm long petiole. The flowers are 7–14 mm diameter, with five pale pink or white (rarely yellow) petals, flowering is between March and May.
Claytonia virginica is native to open woodlands with dry to moist soils, and performs best when these conditions are replicated in the garden. The foliage is somewhat ephemeral and becomes ratty by late summer, so it should either be planted in lawns or where taller plants will hide the dieback.
Theyu can be anyeher
<Horticulture/Soils and Composts
Cold or slow composting can be accomplished with nothing more than a pile grass clippings and dry leaves on the ground or in a bin. This method requires no maintenance, but it will take several months to a year or more for the pile to decompose. Cold composting works well for gardeners who lack the time to tend the compost pile at least every other day, have little yard waste, and are not in a hurry to use the compost.
Keep weeds and diseased plants out of the mix since the temperatures reached with cold composting may not be high enough to kill the weed seeds or disease-causing organisms. Add yard waste as it accumulates. Shredding or chopping speeds up the process. To easily shred material, run your lawn mower over small piles of weeds and trimmings. Cold composting has been shown to be better at suppressing soil-borne diseases than hot composting. Cold composting also leaves more undecomposed bits of material, which can be screened out if desired.
"Adapted from the USDA Backyard Conservation Tip Sheet, a public-domain work of the US Government."
Cold Composting
A color garden is a garden specifically planted in a certain order to display a certain design. Flower gardens are typically seen in someone's yard who is trying to decorate. Flower gardens are seen in public areas like parks, downtown, stadiums, city halls, libraries, and much more. Many flowers come in different colors, it is up to the designer to order the colors in a way that appeal to the viewer. 
Common Names of Vegetables
Community gardens are used to enhance the sense of community in a certain area. Community gardens are for anyone in the community to plant and maintain. With community gardens residents of that community are welcomed to help with the garden, walk through the garden, and to hang out at the garden. The goal of a community garden is the bring the community closer together and allow member of the community to learn together. 
<Horticulture/Soils and Composts
All organic matter eventually decomposes. Composting speeds the process by providing an ideal environment for bacteria and other decomposing microorganisms. The final product, humus or compost, looks and feels like fertile garden soil. This dark, crumbly, earthy-smelling stuff works wonders on all kinds of soil and provides vital nutrients to help plants grow and look better.
Decomposing organisms consist of bacteria, fungi, and larger organisms such as worms, sow bugs, nematodes, and numerous others. Decomposing organisms need four key elements to thrive: nitrogen, carbon, moisture, and oxygen. For best results, mix materials high in nitrogen (such as clover, fresh grass clippings, and livestock manure) and those high in carbon (such as waste paper, dried leaves and twigs). If there is not a good supply of nitrogen-rich material, a handful of general lawn fertilizer will help the nitrogen-carbon ratio. Moisture is provided by rain, but you may need to water or cover the pile to keep it damp. Be careful not to saturate the pile. Structuring the pile to maintain small air spaces provides oxygen. Frequent turning yields faster decomposition.
Composting is not an exact science. Experience will tell you what works best for you. If you notice that nothing is happening, you may need to add more nitrogen, water, or air. If things are too hot, you probably have too much nitrogen. Add some more carbon materials to reduce the heating. A bad smell also may indicate too much nitrogen, or too little air.
Cold composting often proceeds faster in warmer climates than in cooler areas. Cold piles may take a year or more to decompose depending on the materials in the pile and the conditions.
Hot Composting requires more work, but with a few minutes a day and the right ingredients you can have finished compost in a few weeks depending on weather conditions.
Adding kitchen wastes to compost may attract flies and insects. To prevent this problem, make a hole in the center of your pile and bury the waste.
All composting requires three basic ingredients:
Your compost pile should have an equal amount by volume of browns to greens (the ideal C:N range). You should also alternate layers of organic materials of different-sized particles. The brown materials provide carbon for your compost, the green materials provide nitrogen, and the water provides moisture to help break down the organic matter.
Cover top of compost with a tarp to keep it moist.
Tools include pitchforks, square-point shovels or machetes, and water hoses with a spray head. Regular mixing or turning of the compost and some water will help maintain the compost.
Compost can be used for all your planting needs. Compost is an excellent source of organic matter to add to your garden or potted plants. It helps improve soil structure which contributes to good aeration and moisture-holding capacity. Compost is also a source of plant nutrients.
Compost can also be used as a mulch material. Studies have shown that compost used as a mulch, or mixed with the top one-inch layer of soil, can help prevent some plant diseases, including some of those that cause damping of seedlings.
"Adapted from the USDA Backyard Conservation Tip Sheet, and EPA Composting At Home public-domain works of the US Government."
Compost Introduction
Contact herbicides are chemicals that kill plant tissues on contact. These are not the same as systemic herbicides, which kill the entire plant.
Container gardening can be ideal for people living in apartments or rented homes without the space to plant gardens outside. Containers gardens allow for easy access to plants that enhance a space and can be moved easily to accommodate the sun exposure as the plant grows and seasons change.
Container gardens have very specific soil needs.
Container Gardening
<Horticulture/Soils and Composts
Conyza canadensis (formerly "Erigeron canadensis" L.) is an annual plant native throughout most of North America and Central America. Common names include Horseweed, Canadian Horseweed, Canadian Fleabane, Coltstail, and Butterweed.
Horseweed is a common weed of fields, meadows, wastes, and gardens throughout its native range, colonizing areas where perennials are not established. It often grows in cracks of hardscape surfaces as well, and can cause problems with heaving in thin materials such as flagstone.
It is an invasive species in Britain, found from northern Scotland to Cornwall. It is the only one of the British "Conyza" species that grows as a weed of arable land: the others are casuals of waste and disturbed ground in towns and by roads and railways. It is not invasive of any natural or semi-natural habitats.
Horseweed is an annual plant growing to 1.5 m (5 ft) tall, with sparsely hairy stems. The leaves are slender, 2-10 (0.5" to 4") cm long and up to 1 cm (0.5") broad, with a coarsely toothed margin. The flowers are produced in dense inflorescences 1 cm (0.5") in diameter, with a ring of white or pale purple ray florets and a centre of yellow disc florets.
In summer, patrol upwind meadows and remove plants if possible.
Coppicing is a pruning technique used for creating informal hedges out of trees and/or shrubs. The plants are cut to the ground at regular intervals, such as once per year, or perhaps once every 5 years. For weed trees, it can be used as a preventative measure against allowing the tree to set seed by cutting whenever the regrowth stems are mature enough to begin producing fruit.
Coppicing for Weed Control
porn Gluten Meal (often simply called CGM) is a byproduct of porn (maize) processing that has historically been used as an animal feed, but was discovered to have pre-emergent herbicidal effects in 1985, by Dr. Nick Christians, during a turf grass experiment being conducted by Iowa State University.
The use of porn gluten meal as an herbicide is patented, but like many food-related substances used for gardening is not regulated in the US 
Target plants include primarily small-seeded annual and perennial herbs. It is most frequently used in lawns, but may be applied to gardens and fields as well.
The corn gluten meal breaks down over time as an organic nitrogen source (NPK value of 10-0-0).
Proteins in CGM inhibit root formation on newly germinated seeds, killing the plant. Applications must be timed so that the CGM is present and effective as seeds are germinating.
Applied using a spreader or even by hand (the material is pretty much harmless if not inhaled, and in fact is edible but not particularly palatable).
On lawns, CGM is applied in early spring (usually timed phenologically by the blooming of ../Crocus/ or ../Forsythia/), and again in the autumn. If the lawn is overseeded, CGM should either be applied at least 6 weeks before sowing, or 2 weeks afterwards.
Very safe to use, non-toxic. Should not be applied to areas where it's likely to wash directly into watersheds (it is a nitrogen source), but otherwise ecologically safe.
Large-seeded weeds seem unaffected.
Testing for affected species is ongoing, but confirmed species include:
The Flowering Dogwood (also called American Dogwood, Cornelian Tree, False Box, False Boxwood, Florida Dogwood, Indian Arrowwood, Nature's Mistake or, White Cornel; "Cornus florida", syn. "Benthamidia florida") is a species of dogwood native to eastern North America, from southern Maine west to southern Ontario and eastern Kansas, and south to northern Florida and eastern Texas, with a disjunct population in eastern Mexico in Nuevo León and Veracruz.
It is a small deciduous tree growing to 10 m high, with a trunk diameter of up to 30 cm. The leaves are opposite, simple acute oval, 6–13 cm long and 4–6 cm broad, with an apparently entire margin (actually very finely toothed, under a lens); they turn a rich red-brown in fall.
The flowers are individually small and inconspicuous, with four greenish-yellow petals 4 mm long. Around 20 flowers are produced in a dense, rounded, cymes 1–2 cm diameter, the flower head surrounded by four conspicuous large white or pink "petals" (actually bracts), each bract 3 cm long and 2.5 cm broad, rounded, and with a distinct notch at the apex. The flowers are bisexual.
While most of the wild trees have white bracts, some selected cultivars of this tree also have pink bracts, some even almost a true red. They typically flower in early April in the southern part of their range, to late April or early May in northern and high altitude areas. The similar Kousa Dogwood ("../Cornus kousa/"), native to Asia, flowers about a month later.
The fruit is a cluster of three to eight 10–15 mm diameter drupes which ripen to a bright red in the fall; they are eaten by birds which distribute the seeds. The berries are edible, often being used to sweeten tea in Mexico.
Flowering Dogwood does best when it has shade from the west but good morning sun. It does not do well when exposed to intense heat sources such as adjacent parking lots or air conditioning compressors. It has a low tolerance of salt. In eastern North America, it is cultivated as far north as Toronto and south to central Florida. Farther west, places of cultivation include Boulder, Sacramento and Vancouver. It is sold in other temperate parts of the world, including Sydney, Australia.
Cornus florida is easily propagated by seeds, which are sown in the fall into prepared rows of sawdust or sand, and emerge in the spring. Germination rates for good clean seed should be near 100% if seed dormancy is first overcome by cold stratification treatments for 90 to 120 days at 4 °C (39 °F).[4][5] Flowering dogwood demonstrates gametophytic self-incompatibility, meaning that the plants can’t self-fertilize. This is important for breeding programs as it means that it is not necessary to emasculate (remove the anthers from) C. florida flowers before making controlled cross-pollinations. These pollinations should be repeated every other day, as the flowers must be cross-pollinated within one or two days of opening for pollinations to be effective.[6]
Softwood cuttings taken in late spring or early summer from new growth can be rooted under mist if treated with 8,000 to 10,000 ppm indole-3-butyric acid (IBA). In cold climates, potted cuttings must be kept in heated cold frames or polyhouses the following winter to maintain temperatures between 0 and 7 °C. Although rooting success can be as high as 50-85%, this technique is not commonly used by commercial growers. Rather, selected cultivars are generally propagated by T-budding in late summer or by whip grafting in the greenhouse in winter onto seedling rootstock.[5][7]
Micropropagation of flowering dogwood is now used in breeding programs aiming to incorporate resistance to dogwood anthracnose and powdery mildew into horticulturally and economically important cultivars. Nodal (axillary bud) sections are established in a culture of Woody Plant Medium (WPM) amended with 4.4 μM 6-Benzyladenine (BA) to promote shoot growth.[8] Rooting of up to 83% can be obtained when 5-7 week-old microshoots are then transferred to WPM amended with 4.9 μM IBA.[9]
It is very susceptible to dogwood anthracnose, a disease caused by the fungus "../Discula destructiva/". This has killed many wild stocks of Flowering Dogwood; domestic landscape plantings have often been affected to a lesser degree because better air circulation and less humid conditions discourages the fungus, but losses still occur frequently. The Kousa Dogwood ("../Cornus kousa/") is more resistant to this disease, and sometimes planted as a safer alternative.
The Kousa Dogwood ("Cornus kousa" or "Benthamidia kousa"), also known as the Japanese Flowering Dogwood (Yamaboushi ヤマボウシ in Japanese), is a small flowering tree native to Eastern Asia and Japan, but grown in other regions as an ornamental and occasionally for its edible fruit.
It is a small deciduous tree 8–12 m tall, native to eastern Asia. Like most dogwoods, it has opposite, simple, ovate leaves, which are 4–10 cm long. Fall colors are vivid reds, yellows, and purples.
The tree is showy when in flower, but the "showy" elements are actually white bracts which are held below dense cymes of yellow-green flowers. The flowering is in spring, shortly after it leafs out. It has a relatively upright habit, unlike the closely related Flowering Dogwood ("../Cornus florida/") of eastern North America, which has a sprawling habit. It also differs from that in flowering about a month later, and in having pointed (not rounded) flower bracts.
The fruit is a globose pink to red amalgamate of drupes containing several 1-2 seeded stones, 2–3 cm diameter, and resembling a pom-pom. The berries can grow even larger towards the end of the season and some berries that do not fall from the tree surpass 4 cm. It is edible, though the tree is not commonly grown for fruit.
The bark exfoliates in irregular patches or gray, brown, tan, and olive-green, providing winter interest. The stems are horizontally arranged, slender, and rigid. Buds are valvate, the flower buds longer and larger than the vegetative buds.
Does best in moist, well-drained, fertile soils, but is adabtable. Full sun to dense shade, flowering better in more sun.
==Maintenance=
It is resistant to the dogwood anthracnose disease, caused by the fungus "Discula destructiva", unlike Flowering Dogwood, which is very susceptible and commonly killed by it; for this reason, Kousa Dogwood is being widely planted as an ornamental tree in areas affected by the disease. A number of hybrids between Kousa Dogwood and Flowering Dogwood have also been selected for their disease resistance and good flower appearance.
See "../Cornus/" for a list of pests and diseases affecting the genus.
The European Cornel ("Cornus mas") is a species of dogwood native to southern Europe and southwest Asia.
It is a medium to large deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 5–12 m tall, with dark brown branches and greenish twigs. The leaves are opposite, 4–10 cm long and 2–4 cm broad, with an ovate to oblong shape and an entire margin. The flowers are small (5–10 mm diameter), with four yellow petals, produced in clusters of 10-25 together in the late winter, well before the leaves appear. The fruit is an oblong red drupe 2 cm long and 1.5 cm in diameter, containing a single seed.
The fruit is edible, with an acidic flavour; it is mainly used for making jam, but also can be eaten dried. In Armenia, the fruit is used for distilling vodka. In Turkey it is eaten with salt as a snack in summer. Cultivars selected for fruit production in the Ukraine have fruit up to 4 cm long. The species is also grown as an ornamental plant for its late winter flowers.
Its wood is denser than water. A dye can be produced from its bark and tannin is produced from its leaves.
Corydalis lutea (Yellow Corydalis) is a low-growing herbaceous plant native to the southern foothills of the south-western and central Alps of Italy and Switzerland, but widely introduced elsewhere .
Yellow Corydalis grows to 30–38 cm (12–15 in) tall and its grey-green foliage is attractive from spring until autumn. The 2 cm (¾ in) flowers are borne above the leaves from spring until mid-summer and sometimes later. The species often grows wild in cracks in old walls where drainage is excellent.
Yellow Corydalis grows in USDA Hardiness Zones 5 to 10 (average annual minimum temperature –29 °C or above); it does best in light shade, but will tolerate both full sun and deep shade. Excellent drainage is vital and the soil should be liberally supplemented with peat moss or leaf mould.
Corydalis ochroleuca is a low, mound-forming perennial grown for its long season of producing showy white flowers and clean, fine-textured foliage.
The Eurasian smoketree or smoke tree ("Cotinus coggygria", syn. "Rhus cotinus") is native to a large area from southern Europe, east across central Asia and the Himalaya to northern China.
It is a multiple-branching shrub growing to 5–7 m tall with an open, spreading, irregular habit, only rarely forming a small tree. The leaves are 3–8 cm long, rounded oval, green with a waxy glaucous sheen. The autumn colour can be strikingly varied, from peach and yellow to scarlet. The flowers are numerous, produced in large inflorescences 15–30 cm long; each flower 5–10 mm diameter, with five pale yellow petals. Most of the flowers in each inflorescence abort, elongating into yellowish-pink to pinkish-purple feathery plumes, which surround the small (2–3 mm) drupaceous fruit that develop.
It is commonly grown as an ornamental plant, with several cultivars available. Many of these have been selected for purple foliage and flowers.
This chapter deals with the process of creating a lawn space in a woodland area for an entertainment space.
Creating a Woodland Lawn
Cucumbers are plants in the melon family, which are grown for their fruits picked well before maturity. While they are technically fruits (berries), they are commonly referred to as vegetables.
Cucumbers are a vining plant that is generally grown on "hills" or on trellises. Numerous varieties are available, falling into two main groups: namely the pickling types and the slicing types.
Some cucumbers (including many "Asian" varieties) are quite long, and require trellising to achieve straight fruits.
Cucumbers need full sun, a rich soil, and plenty of water. As vining plants, they require either plenty of room for sprawling, or trellises to grow up on.
Planted in rows, hills, or on trellises.
Hills are placed 5 ft apart, diameter about 2 ft. Plant 5-6 cucumber seeds or transplants to each hill.
Hills can be made from either rich soils or composts.
By seed only.
Powdery Mildew
Cucumber mosaic virus, vectored by the cucumber beetle.
Cucumber beetles
Cultivating for disease control requiress a thorough knowledge of the target pathogen, since cultivation can cause more harm than good when certain pathogens are involved. In many cases, the upper layer of soil or mulch should simply be removed, and disposed of carefully. 
Cultivation for Disease Control
Cultivation, in the form of hoeing, raking, or otherwise "shaking up" the soil, is one of the most effective methods of weed control. While it has been somewhat outmoded in many regions in favor of applied mulches, cultivation achieves many of the same goals.
The major problem is that cultivation does oxygenate the top layer of soil, causing the organic matter to degrade faster.
Cultivation for Weed Control
Cultural controls for plant pathogens are techniques intended to avoid creating an environment where a pathogen will flourish. Often, plants become more disease resistant when they are simply sited properly and provided good soil fertility and proper irrigation.
Cultural Controls for Plant Pathogens
Cultural Controls are methods for garden pests, diseases, and weeds by altering the environment in a way that makes it an unsuitable habitat for the target organisms.
Controls include mulching or removing mulch, pruning to provide better air circulation, and companion planting.
Controls alter any one of the following:
Cultural Controls
Cyperus esculentus (Chufa Sedge, Yellow Nutsedge, Tigernut Sedge, Earthalmond) is a species of sedge native to warm temperate to subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere. Some cultivars are grown for the "nuts" (root tubers), but it is most frequently encountered as a weed of lawns and gardens, and can be easily spotted in lawns two or three days after mowing because it regrows much faster than most turf grasses.
Yellow nutsedge is a perennial, grass-like plant, growing to 90 cm tall, with solitary stems arising from small tubers. The stems are triangular in section, and bear slender leaves 3–10 mm wide. The flowers of the plant are distinctive, with a cluster of flat oval seeds surrounded by four hanging leaves positioned 90 degrees from each other. The plant foliage is very tough and fibrous, and is often mistaken for a grass.
The root system can be extensive, with tubers and roots being interconnected to each other to a depth of 50 cm or more. The tubers are connected by fragile roots that are extremely prone to snapping when pulled on, making the plant extremely difficult to remove with its entire root system intact.
The tubers are edible, with a slightly sweet, nutty flavour, compared to the more bitter tasting tuber of the related "Cyperus rotundus" (Purple Nutsedge). They are quite hard and are generally soaked in water before they can be eaten. They have various uses, in particular they are used in Spain to make Horchata. They are sometimes known by their Spanish name, "chufa".
The tubers were originally cultivated by Ancient Egyptians in the Nile Valley; their cultivation was subsequently extended throughout other areas with temperate climate and fertile soil. Presently, they are mainly cultivated - at least for extended and common commercial purposes - in Spain, almost exclusively in the Valencia region. See the wikipedia article on "Cyperus esculentus" for nutritional information.
Dicentra spectabilis also known as Venus's car, bleeding heart, or lyre flower, is a perennial herbaceous plant native to eastern Asia from Siberia south to Japan.
This species of bleeding heart can grow to 60–140 cm tall and has pinnately compound leaves with ternately compound leaflets (leaflets that come in threes). The flowers are pendulous, shaped much like hearts, produced in a raceme bearing 3-15 individual flowers, each one 2–3 cm long, with pink outer petals and white inner petals. The flowering season is from early spring to mid summer.
It can be a full sun plant if in a cool area but in a warm climate, prefers semi-shaded areas. It needs to be kept moist and prefers neutral to alkaline soil with good drainage although these plants can tolerate heavy clay soil as well.
Several cultivars have been selected, including 'Alba', with pure white flowers, and 'Goldheart', a relatively new cultivar developed at Hadspen Garden in England and introduced in 1997 with fuchsia-coloured flowers that drop from the stem in a row, and yellow foliage that turns lime green by mid summer.
It is a popular ornamental plant for flower gardens in temperate climates, and is also used as a cut flower.
Cut down foliage after it has gone completely yellow.
Propagation is by sowing the seeds when fresh. It can also be divided, preferably in the late fall or early spring. However, contact with the plant can cause skin irritation because the entire plant is toxic, so should be handled with gloves and long sleeves.
See "../Dicentra/" for a list of pests and diseases.
Digitalis is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous biennials, perennials and shrubs that was traditionally placed in the figwort family Scrophulariaceae, but following new genetic research has now been placed in the much enlarged family Plantaginaceae. The genus is native to Europe, western and central Asia and northwestern Africa.
The members of this genus are known in English as foxgloves. The scientific name means "finger-like", and refers to the ease which a flower of "Digitalis purpurea" can be fitted over a human fingertip. "Foxglove" has a similar origin as a corruption of "folk's glove", referring to the fairy folk.
Foxgloves are grown for their showy flowers and long period of bloom, but they are highly toxic, so care needs to be taken when growing where children or pets are present.
The flowers are produced on a tall spikes or racemes, tubular with 2 lips, and vary in colour with species, from purple to pink, white and yellow. Leaves are in basal rosettes and also alternate on the stem, simple with slightly toothed margins.
Full sun with a rich soil. Short-lived, but self seed readily in good soils.
Foxegloves can be used for cut flowers, however due to the toxicity this may be inappropriate for homes with cats or children.
Digitalis is also the name of a drug, which is a classic example of a drug derived from a plant formerly used by folklorists and herbalists: herbalists have largely abandoned its use because of its narrow therapeutic index and the difficulty of determining the amount of active drug in herbal preparations. Once the usefulness of digitalis in regulating pulse was understood, it was employed for a variety of purposes, including the treatment of epilepsy and other seizure disorders, now considered inappropriate.
Depending on the species, the digitalis plant may contain several deadly physiological and chemically related cardiac and steroidal glycosides. Thus, the digitalis has earned several more sinister monikers: "Dead Man’s Bells", and "Witches’ Gloves".
The entire plant is a poison (including the roots and seeds), although the leaves of the upper stem are particularly potent, with just a nibble being enough to potentially cause death. Early symptoms of ingestion include nausea, vomiting, anorexia, diarrhea, abdominal pain, wild hallucinations, delirium, and severe headache. Depending on the severity of the toxicosis the victim may later suffer irregular and slow pulse, tremors, various cerebral disturbances, especially of a visual nature (unusual color visions with objects appearing yellowish to green, and blue halos around lights), convulsions, and deadly disturbances of the heart.
There have been instances of people confusing digitalis with the harmless "../Symphytum/" (comphrey) plant (which is often brewed into a tea) with fatal consequences. Other fatal accidents involve children drinking the water in a vase containing digitalis plants. Drying does not reduce the toxicity of the plant. The plant is toxic to animals including all classes of livestock, as well as cats and dogs.
Plants tend to reseed prolifically in the garden, but are also easy in flats.
Flowers are good for the vase, but water should be changed and disposed of regularly.
Digitalis
Digitaria is a genus of about 300 species of grass (family ../Poaceae/) native to tropical and warm temperate regions. Common names include crabgrass, finger-grass, and fonio. They are slender monocotyledonous annual and perennial lawn, pasture, and forage plants; some are often considered lawn pests. "Digitus" is the Latin word for "finger", and they are distinguished by the long, finger-like inflorescences they produce.
All crabgrasses have similar growth habits and flowering structures, but species are separated by minor differences in the flower structures and leaf pubescence. They typically have spreading stems with wide flat leaf blades that lay on the ground with the tips ascending. The inflorescence is a panicle in which the spike-like branches are arranged in digitate fashion. The spikelets are arranged in two rows on an angled or winged rachis. Each spikelet has two florets, only one of which is fertile. The first bracts at the base of the spikelets are either very minute or absent.
Crabgrass seed has a long germination period; if conditions are right, it can germinate throughout the growing season. Crabgrasses occur in tropical, subtropical, and temperate regions of both hemispheres.
The most prevalent species of "Digitaria" in North America are Large Crabgrass ("D. sanguinalis") and Smooth Crabgrass ("D. ischaemum"), which often become problem weeds in lawn and gardens. They are annual plants, and one plant is capable of producing 150,000 seeds per season. The seeds germinate in the late spring and early summer and outcompete the domesticated lawn grasses and expand outward in a circle up to 12 inches in diameter. In the fall when the plants die they leave large voids in the lawn. The voids then become prime areas for the crabgrass seeds to germinate the following season. Crabgrasses also have a different texture and color that often interrupts the uniformity of a lawn. In vegetable gardens, crabgrass can quickly out-compete desirable plants, causing yield reductions.
Despite their weediness, crabgrasses do have a few redeeming qualities. The seeds, most notably those of fonio, can be toasted and ground into a flour, which can be used to make porridge or fermented to make beer. Fonio has been widely used as a staple crop in parts of Africa. It also has decent nutrient qualities as a forage for cattle.
Disposing of garden wastes is a science all to itself, mostly involving composting.
Deciding what plant materials to compost, what to burn, what to throw out:
Other materials:
Downy Mildews are plant diseases caused by organisms in several genera of the water mold group, closely related to the mildews that grow in moist environments such as bath tiles and walls. They can be devastating to certain plants if left uncontrolled: a downy mildew of grapes decimated European vineyards during the nineteenth century.
They are easily controlled once discovered, so careful monitoring of susceptible hosts is key, because if left unaddressed, the organism can quickly spread and completely overwhelm the host species.
The mildews are easily visible on the undersides of leaves, fruits, and branches as a whitish or gray mass of hyphae. The upper surface of leaves are often chlorotic, with white or gray patches that can easily be confused with ../Powdery Mildew/.
The causal organisms overwinter on field trash or on the buds and stems of woody plants. When conditions are conducive, the mildews grow rapidly. They go dormant during warm, dry periods.
The various species and genera grow specifically on certain groups of plants.
Drench herbicides are chemicals applied to the soil that kill the root zones of plants. Many of these chemicals are persistent, and are most commonly used along road cuts or other areas where no plant growth whatsoever is desired.
The Mock Strawberry, "Potentilla indica" (formerly "Duchesnea indica"), is also known as the Indian Strawberry. Although the foliage and fruit are quite similar, is not a true strawberry and can readily be distinguished by its yellow flowers, as opposed to the flowers of true strawberries which are white or slightly pink. It is native to eastern and southern Asia, but has been introduced to many other areas as an ornamental plant, though it is considered a noxious weed in some regions. It can become a particular problem in shady lawns and when growing in with other ground covers.
The leaves are trifoliate, roughly veined beneath, dark green, often persisting through the winter, arising from short crowns. The plant spreads along long, wiry stolons, rooting and producing crowns at each node. The yellow flowers are produced in mid spring, then sporadically throughout the growing season, repeating if mown down before fruit set. The fruits are red, with red seeds, and while juicy and edible are not palatable like the true strawberries.
The plant is frequently mistaken for true strawberries, but they can be differentiated by the yellow flowers (strawberries have white petals), and the red seeds on the fruits (strawberry seeds are a golden color).
Control can be difficult if it is mixed in with other plants, and can confuse even the most experienced gardener when it grows intermingled with true strawberries. In some situations (such as where there are no other small plants present) it can simply be tolerated as a ground cover.
Earwig is the common name given to the insect order Dermaptera. With about 1,800 recorded species in 10 families, the order is relatively small among Insecta. Earwigs are, however, quite common globally. There is no evidence that they transmit disease or otherwise harm humans or other animals, despite their nickname "pincher bug".
Most earwigs found in Europe and North America are "Forficula auricularia", the European earwig, which is distributed throughout the cooler parts of the northern hemisphere.
Earwigs are characterized by membranous wings folded underneath short leathery forewings (hence the literal name of the order - "skin wings"). The abdomen extends well beyond the wings, and frequently, though not always, ends in a pair of forceps-like cerci.
The abdomen of the earwig is flexible and muscular. It is capable of maneuvering as well as opening and closing of the forceps. The forceps are used for a variety of purposes. In some species, the forceps have also been observed in use for holding prey, and in copulation. The forceps tend to be more curved in males than in females.
Most earwigs are elongate, flattened, and are dark brown. Some tropical species are brightly colored. Occasionally earwigs are confused with cockroaches because of their cerci and their long antennae. Lengths are mostly in the 10–14 mm range, with the St. Helena earwig reaching 80 mm. Cerci range from nonexistent to long arcs up to one-third as long as the rest of the body. As in other orthopteroid insects, mouthparts are adapted for chewing. When earwigs have wings (are not agnathous), the hindwings are folded in a complex fashion, so that they fit under the forewings. Earwigs rarely fly.
Earwigs are drawn to damp conditions. During the summer they can be found around sinks and in bathrooms. Earwigs tend to gather in shady cracks or openings or anywhere they can remain concealed in daylight hours. Picnic tables, compost and waste bins, patios, lawn furniture, window frames or anything with minute spaces can potentially harbour these unwanted residents. Upon gaining entry to the basement and living areas of the home, earwigs can easily find cover in undisturbed magazine and newspaper piles, furniture/wickerwork, base boards, carpeted stairways, pet food dishes, and even inside DVD cases. Earwigs are inclined to take risks and are exploratory creatures but are overly unaware of the consequences and will often find themselves trapped in poison baited cups or buckets of soapy water.
Erwigs feed on other insects, plants, ripe fruit, and garbage. Plants they feed on typically include clover, dahlias, zinnias, butterfly bush, hollyhock, lettuce, strawberry, sunflowers, celery, peaches, plums, potatoes, roses, seedling beans and beets, and tender grass shoots and roots; they have also been known to eat corn silk, damaging the corn. Typically they are a nuisance because of their diet, but normally do not present serious hazards to crops.
While earwigs can be considered in some ways a beneficial part of the garden, they can become a nuisance because of their diet. 
Edging is the technique of defining the edges of a garden where it bumps up against lawn, hardscapes, or pathways.
Edging
Good soil is essential; most soil problems can be amended with good homemade compost. A garden will need at least one foot of good soil to grow in, more if you're planning to grow deep-rooted plants such as potatoes, tomatoes, rye, radishes, etc.
A nice brisk wind will strengthen your plants, keep diseases scarce, and bring numerous beneficial insects. Too much wind will flatten your garden though, so try for a good balance and plant windbreaking trees if necessary.
Sunlight duration throughout the year in a garden will determine success or failure. Most (90%) of vegetable plants need at least 8 hours of full sunlight a day, though less can be workable with excellent soil and watering. Watch the sun's path through the course of a day, throughout the year, so your plants can be placed to not overshadow a sun-needy neighbor.
Deep, irregular watering is the key to strong roots for your plants. If you water a little bit often, the roots of your plants will spread out along the surface of the soil (thatch) and be susceptible to diseases, insects, and drought. Watering deeply (drenching) but not often forces the roots to grow deep into the soil, finding nutrients and any water tables. With good mulching, most established vegetable gardens can be watered once a week, barring heat or other extenuating circumstances. Because heavy watering will be necessary, make sure that a good source of water is near your garden location.
Before starting any design it's important to study views and traffic patterns so that you can enjoy vistas, aren't gawked at by passing motorists, and have enough room for both growing and maneuvering space. A garden should be someplace easily accessible. Visit your garden often, once a day or many times a week, to catch problems, harvest young vegetables, and perform regular tasks. The closer your garden to your front or back door, the better—and the better it will look and produce.
These plants usually germinate, flower and die within one year. Unless prevented from setting seed, true annuals will not live longer than this. Some seedless plants can also be considered annuals even though they do not flower.
Examples of true annuals include corn, lettuce, pea, cauliflower, watermelon, bean, zinnia and marigold.
Elements of a Garden Location
The Achemon Sphinx, Eumorpha achemon, is native to most of the United States.
Euphorbia lathyris (Caper Spurge, Gopher Spurge, Gopher Plant or Mole Plant) is a weedy plant native to Southern Europe (France, Italy, Greece) and as far east as China, but has naturalized in many other regions. that is often used as an ornamental plant and also to protect a garden from gophers.
All parts of the plant, including the seeds and roots are poisonous. Handling may may cause skin irritation as the plant produces latex. While poisonous to humans and most livestock, goats seem to enjoy eating it and are immune to the toxin. However, the toxin can be passed through the goat's milk.
Caper spurge can grow up to 48 inches (1.2 m) tall. The seeds of this plant grow in green clusters of three seeds. When they ripen, they dry out and turn brown.
It lives in partial shade to full sun in USDA zones 5–9.
Some people have had great success planting caper spurges as repellants for gophers and voles, while others found that gophers will eat other plants only a few feet away while completely ignoring the spurges.
Self-seeds freely, but easily pulled.
See "../Euphorbia/" for a list of pests and diseases affecting the genus.
Euphorbia maculata, variously called Spotted spurge or Prostrate spurge, is an annual plant in the family ../Euphorbiaceae/, native to North America. It grows in sunny locations and a variety of soils, and frequently found as a weed of gardens and lawns, and can also grow well in the cracks of hardscapes or walls.
"Euphorbia maculata" is a low-growing, spreading, annual plant with reddish stems. The leaves are bluish-green on the margins, and red along the midribs. The flowers are tiny, and are produced within a few weeks of germination, quickly followed by the small seeds.
Early action is crucial with this weed because of the short period between germination and the setting of seeds. The seeds will germinate in wood and stone mulches as well.
Poinsettias ("Euphorbia pulcherrima") are flowers native to southern Mexico, Central America, and Africa. They are named after Joel Roberts Poinsett, the first United States ambassador to Mexico, who introduced the plant in the U.S. in 1825. Alternative names for the poinsettia are Mexican flame leaf, Christmas star, Christmas flower, Winter rose, Noche Buena and Pascua.
In the U.S., poinsettias can be found in the wild in Hawaii and Puerto Rico.
Poinsettias are shrubs to small trees, typically reaching a height of 0.6 to 4 m (2 to 16 ft). The plant bears dark green dentate leaves that measure 7 to 16 cm (3 to 6 inches) in length. The top leaves, known as bracts, are flaming red, pink, or white and are often mistaken as flowers. The actual flowers are the small yellow structures found in the center of each leaf bunch, which are called Cyathia.
Cultivars have been produced with orange, pale green, cream and marbled leaves. There are over 100 varieties of poinsettias available.
In areas outside its natural environment it is commonly grown as an indoor plant where it prefers good morning sun then shade in the hotter part of the day. However they are widely grown and very popular in subtropical climates such as Sydney, Australia.
As this is a subtropical plant, it will likely perish if the nighttime temperature falls below 10° C (50° F) so is not suitable for planting in the ground in milder climates. Likewise daytime temperatures in excess of 21° C (70° F) tend to shorten the lifespan of the plant.
The Poinsettia can be difficult to induce to reflower after the initial display when purchased. The plant requires a period of uninterrupted long, dark nights for around two months in autumn in order to develop flowers. Incidental light at night during this time will hamper flower production. When watering it is important to allow the plant to drain out any excess water. Having a Poinsettia sit in water can do harm to the plant as it prefers moist soil to direct water.
Its extract is useful for burn
Thrives in room temperatures of 68 to 70 degrees F (15-21 Celsius). Do not put plants on top of a television or near fireplaces where the heat will be excessive. Also, avoid cold drafts and temperatures below 50 degrees F. Protect plants from chilling winds when transporting during the holidays.
Cynthia Crossen, "Holiday's Ubiquitous Houseplant," "Wall Street Journal", December 19, 2000.
The best way to control plant diseases is to simply exclude the pathogen from the garden. While this is often impossible because many diseases are wind-borne, putting some effort into exclusion is worth the time.
One way to exclude pathogens is to "quarantine" any new plants for a wile before planting them in the garden. This is especially important for some of the more serious soil-borne fungi such as Phytophthora, Verticillium, and Sclerotinia.
Removing alternate hosts is effective for many pathogens.
Controlling vectors is important for many diseases.
Fall cleanup is the process of "putting the garden to bed" for the winter.
Outline:
Fall Cleanup
Growing a garden is an ancient practice we have perfected over thousands of years. However, in modern times, we are not all raised with a garden in the back yard, so it's good to approach a new garden with careful forethought and a plan to follow.
Before starting the plan, the gardener should first come up with a list of priorities for the garden, perhaps asking questions such as these:
These are all important questions, because the approach to garden planning and design will vary greatly according to how they are answered. We'll begin by going over these topics in detail.
Gardens are grown for many reasons, such as for a hobby (where the act of gardening becomes its own reward), a place to grow food for the family or the market, or as a place to entertain.
Hobby gardens tend to come about slowly, one bed at a time, and one plant at a time. Hobby gardening often verges on obsession, as the gardener learns of new plants to grow, and tries to utilize every inch of soil to its greatest potential. The best approach to a hobby garden is to start small, then expand the project as you get a feel for how much work is involved.
When growing fruits and vegetables, the primary interest is in the final products (the produce), and so the garden should be planned to get the most production from the time and space available to the grower.
When the garden is intended as a place to entertain, the planning needs to take into account how much space will be needed for your guests, what time of year it will be used, and what sort of entertaining you'll be doing.
First Steps in Planning a Garden
A flame weeder is a propane torch used for weed control, primarily in organic gardens and farms. They come in various sizes for different sorts of applications, from hand-held models to backpack versions to tractor-towed agricultural types.
Flame weeding has both advantages and disadvantages over other methods.
Flame Weeders
A flower garden is a garden where flowers are grown for decorative purposes. Flower gardens are usually filled with many colors and different kinds of flowers. Flower gardens are known for decorating areas. Reasons why people have flower gardens are to help bees, reduce carbon emission, relaxing purposes, and to have a better understanding of nature. 
Forsythia is both the common name and botanical name of a plant genus belonging to the ../Oleaceae/ (Olive family). It is named after William Forsyth, and comprises six species of deciduous shrubs to 3–6 m tall, mostly native to Asia, but one native to southeastern Europe.
The leaves are opposite, usually simple but sometimes trifoliate with a basal pair of small leaflets, and range from 4–12 cm long; the margin is serrated. The flowers are produced in the early spring before the leaves, bright yellow with four petals. The fruit is a dry capsule, containing several winged seeds.
The species are:
The hybrids "Forsythia × intermedia" ("F. suspensa" × "F. viridissima") and "Forsythia × variabilis" ("F. ovata" × "F. suspensa") have been produced in cultivation.
Forsythias are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Brown-tail and The Gothic.
Forsythias are popular early spring flowering shrubs in gardens and parks. Two are commonly cultivated for ornament, "Forsythia × intermedia" and "Forsythia suspensa". They are both spring flowering shrubs, with yellow flowers. They are grown and prized for being tough, reliable garden plants. "Forsythia × intermedia" is the more commonly grown, is smaller, has an upright habit, and produces strongly coloured flowers. "Forsythia suspensa" is a large to very large shrub, can be grown as a weeping shrub on banks, and has paler flowers. Many named garden cultivars can also be found.
Commercial propagation is usually by cuttings, taken from green wood after flowering in late spring to early summer; alternatively, cuttings may be taken between November and February.
"F. suspensa" (Chinese: 连翘; pinyin: liánqiào) is considered one of the 50 fundamental herbs in Chinese herbology. Forsythia sticks are used to bow a Korean string instrument called "ajaeng".
Forsythia bloom is frequently used as a "phenological indicator for timing pre-emergent herbicides in lawns.
../Crown Gall/ caused by "../Agrobacterium tumeifasciens/"
../Leaf Spots/ caused by several species of fungi including "../Alternaria/" and "../Phyllosticta/" spp.
../Dieback/ caused by "../Sclerotinia sclerotiorum/"
../Root Knot/
../Scales/
../Bugs/
../Beetles/
Fragaria vesca, commonly known as Woodland Strawberry occurs naturally throughout the Northern Hemisphere. Common names for this species include the Wild Strawberry, European Strawberry and Alpine Strawberry, the latter usually in reference to the cultivated varieties of the subspecies Fragaria vesca 'Semperflorens'.
Like all strawberries, it is in the family Rosaceae; its fruit is more technically known as an accessory fruit, in that the fleshy part is derived not from the plant's ovaries (achenes) but from the peg at the bottom of the bowl-shaped hypanthium that holds the ovaries.
Typical habitat is along trails and roadsides, embankments, hillsides, stone and gravel laid paths and roads, meadows, young woodlands, sparse forest , woodland edges and clearings. Often plants can be found where they do not get sufficient light to form fruit. Spread fast by runners and can form dense mats. The fruit are eaten and the achenes in this way spread by numerous mammals and birds.
The Woodland Strawberry was widely cultivated in Europe before being largely replaced by the Garden Strawberry ("../Fragaria x ananassa/"), which have much larger fruit and showed greater variaton, making them better suited for further breeding. Woodland Strawberry fruit is strongly flavored, and is still collected and grown for domestic use and on a small scale commercially as a gourmet offering and as an ingredient for commercial jam, sauces, liqueurs, cosmetics and alternative medecine. In Turkey several 100 tons of wild fruit are harvested annually, mainly for export.
Most of the cultivated varieties are by botanists usually set to the subspecie Fragaria vesca 'Semperflorens' and they are usually called Alpine Strawberries. They have in common that they rarely form runners instead they form multiple crowns in a cluster, fruits over a very long timeperiod and are usually propagated by seeds or division of the plants. Some cultivars have fruit that are white, or yellow when fully ripe, in addition to the normal red. Plants tend to lose vigour after a few years. Cultivars that form stolons are often used as groundcover, while cultivars that do not may be used as border plants. Some cultivars are bred for their ornamental value.
Used as an indicator plant for diseases that affect the garden strawberry.
Used as a genetic model plant for garden strawberry and the Rosaceae familiy in general, due to
"F. vesca" is sometimes used as an herbal medicine; an herbal tea made from the leaves, stems, and flowers is believed to aid in the treatment of diarrhea.
Garden Strawberry ("Fragaria x ananassa" and related cultivars) is the most common variety of strawberry cultivated worldwide. Like all strawberries, it is in the family "Rosaceae"; its fruit is more technically known as an accessory fruit, in that the fleshy part is derived not from the plant's ovaries (achenes) but from the peg at the bottom of the bowl-shaped hypanthium that holds the ovaries.
The Garden Strawberry originated in Europe in the early 18th century, and represents the accidental cross of "Fragaria virginiana" from eastern North America, which was noted for its fine flavor, and "Fragaria chiloensis" from Chile and noted for its large size.
Cultivars of "Fragaria x ananassa" have replaced in commercial production the Woodland Strawberry, which was the first strawberry species cultivated in the early 17th century.
Strawberry plants are rosette-forming perennials which spread by thin runners (stolons). The leaves are trifoliate, dark green but paler and haired on the undersides, on long petioles emerging from the crowns. The flowers have yellow centers, with the 5 petals white or occasionally pink, borne underneath the foliage canopy. The fruits need no describing.
Strawberry varieties vary remarkably in fruit size, colour, flavour and shape, the degree of fertility, season of ripening, liability to disease and constitution of plant. Some vary in foliage, and some vary materially in the relative development of their sexual organs. In most cases the flowers appear hermaphroditic in structure, but function as either male or female.
Strawberries are most often grown in raised beds or containers, though they can also be grown in the field.
The bulk of modern commercial production uses the plasticulture system. In this method, raised beds are formed each year and covered with black plastic, which prevents weed growth and erosion, under which is run irrigation tubing. Plants, usually obtained from northern nurseries, are planted through holes punched in this covering. Runners are removed from the plants as they appear, to encourage the plants to put most of their energy into fruit development. At the end of the harvest season, the plastic is removed and the plants are plowed into the ground. Because strawberry plants more than a year or two old begin to decline in productivity and fruit quality, this system of replacing the plants each year allows for improved yields and more dense plantings. However, because it requires a longer growing season to allow for establishment of the plants each year, and because of the increased costs in terms of forming and covering the mounds and purchase plants each year, it is not always practical in all areas.
The other major method is to maintain the same plants from year to year. The runners of established plants should be allowed to root in the soil adjoining the plants, which should, therefore, be kept light and fine, or layered into small pots as for forcing. As soon as a few leaves are produced on each the secondary runners should be stopped. When the plants have become well-rooted they should at once be planted out. They do best in a rather strong loam, and should be kept tolerably moist. The ground should be trenched 50–100 cm deep, and supplied with plenty of manure, a good proportion of which should lie just below the roots, 25–30 cm from the surface. The plants may be put in on an average about 50–60 cm apart.
Strawberries are often grouped according to their flowering habit. Traditionally, this has consisted of a division between "June-bearing" strawberries, which bear their fruit in the early summer and "Ever-bearing" strawberries, which often bear several crops of fruit throughout the season. More recently, research has shown that strawberries actually occur in three basic flowering habits: short day, long day, and day neutral. These refer to the day length sensitivity of the plant and the type of photoperiod which induces flower formation. Day neutral cultivars produce flowers regardless of the photoperiod. Most commercial strawberries are either short day or day neutral.
Strawberries are often used to flavor other foods, such as ice cream. Apart from its interest as a dessert fruit, the strawberry draws interest due to the peculiarities of its structure, its tendency towards variation, and the gardener's success in exploiting this tendency.
Most cultivars are somewhat self fertile, but good bee activity has been shown to improve pollination, which results in larger and better shaped berries. Commercial growers usually place beehives within range of the fields to increase bee populations.
The plantation should be renewed every second or third year, or less frequently if kept free of runners, if the old leaves are cut away after the fruit has been gathered, and if a good top-dressing of rotten dung or leaf mold is applied. A top-dressing of loam is beneficial if applied before the plants begin to grow in spring, but after that period they should not be disturbed during the summer either at root or at top. If the plants produce a large number of flower-scapes, each should, if fine large fruit is desired, have them reduced to about four of the strongest. The lowest blossoms on the scape will be found to produce the largest, earliest and best fruits. The fruit should not be gathered till it is quite ripe, and then, if possible, it should be quite dry, but not heated by the sun. Those intended for preserving are best taken without the stalk and the calyx.
A mulching of straw put between the rows in spring serves to keep the ground moist and the fruit clean, as well as to afford nourishment to the plants. Unless required, the runners are cut off early, in order to promote the swelling of the fruit. The plants are watered during dry weather after the fruit is set, and occasionally till it begins to colour. As soon as the fruit season is over, the runners are again removed, and the ground hoed and raked.
As the plants begin to set fruit, mulch with straw to prevent the fruits from touching the bare soil and to prevent soil being splashed onto the fruit during rain or irrigation.
Strawberries should be cut back to the crown following fruiting, especially if the leaves show signs of disease. They also benefit from being divided and having composts added to the soil.
Runners should be removed if they grow out of the row. These can be used to start new plants in a different row if desired.
Because the foliage of a strawberry patch will retain moisture at the soil surface, care must be taken not to overwater once fruit begins to ripen. An ill-timed rain can result in mold, rot, and slug damage.
For purposes of both commercial and garden production, the plants are propagated from runners and generally distributed as either bare root plants or plugs. Cultivation follows one of two models, annual plasticulture or a perennial system of matted rows or mounds. A small amount of strawberries are also produced in greenhouses during the off season.
While rarely if ever done commercially, strawberries may also be propagated by seed, and a few seed propagated cultivars have been developed for home use. Seeds are acquired commercially or saved from fruit ripened early in the summer. They may at once be sown, either in a sheltered border outdoors or in pots, or better in March under glass, when they will produce fruits in June of the same year. The soil should be rich and light, and the seeds very slightly covered by sifting over them some leaf-mould or old decomposed cow dung. When the plants appear and have made five or six leaves, they are transplanted to where they are to remain for bearing. The seeds sown in pots may be helped on by gentle heat, and when the plants are large enough they are pricked out in fine rich soil, and in June transferred to the open ground for bearing.
The runners propagated for forcing are layered into 75 mm pots, filled with rich soil, and held firm by a piece of raffia, a peg or stone. If kept duly watered they will soon form independent plants. The earlier they are secured the better.
When firmly rooted they are removed and transferred into well-drained 150 mm pots, of strong well-enriched loam, the soil being rammed firmly into the pots, which are to be set in an open airy place. In severe frosts they should be covered with dry litter or bracken, but do not necessarily require to be placed under glass. They are moved into the forcing houses as required.
The main points to be kept in view in forcing strawberries are:
When they are first introduced into heat, the temperature should not exceed 8 °C to 10 °C, and air must be freely admitted; should the leaves appear to grow up thin and delicate, less fire heat and more air must be given, but an average temperature of 13 °C by day may be allowed and continued while the plants are in flower.
When the fruit is set the heat may be gradually increased, till at the ripening period it stands at 18 °C to 24 °C by sun heat. While the fruit is swelling the plants should never be allowed to get dry, but when it begins to colour no more water should be given than is absolutely requisite to keep the leaves from flagging. The plants should be removed from the house as soon as the crop is gathered. The forced plants properly hardened make first-rate outdoor plantations, and if put out early in summer, in good ground, will often produce a useful autumnal crop.
Strawberries are ripe when fully red. They should be picked often, as the fruit quickly rots after ripening, and is highly susceptible to gray mold which can spread to other fruits or to the foliage.
After picking, strawberries should be either consumed quickly or frozen, as they are quite prone to molds once picked. If freezing, remove the calyx and stem and freeze fresh.
The most troublesome fungal pests are mildew and leaf spot. The former, like all mildews, attacks the leaves and spreads to the fruit, these being covered with the white mycelium. The fungus is identical with that causing mildew in hops ("Sphaerotheca humuli"), and its development is greatly furthered by exposure of its host to cold draughts or low night temperatures. Spraying the foliage with potassium sulfide (KS) (mixed with water at a 1:40 ratio by volume) should hold it in check, but the plants should not be sprayed when the fruit is developing. The "leafspot" is caused by the fungus "Sphaerella fragariae". The first symptom of this attack is the appearance of small, circular, white spots on the leaves, having a broad, definite, dark reddish margin.
On these spots a whitish mould develops, and this is followed later by the perfect form of the fungus, the fruits of which appear to the naked eye as small black spots seated on the white dead spot on the leaf. Potassium sulfide may be used as for the mildew, or, perhaps better, Bordeaux mixture. Some recommend cutting off the leaves after fruiting and turn the beds over so as to destroy the fungus in the leaves.
The grubs of the cockchafer ("Meloloniha vulgaris") and the Rose chafer ("Cetonia aurata") frequently feed upon the roots of the strawberry and do considerable damage, while the larvae of the Ghost Moth "(Hepialus humuli)" and garden swift moth behave in a similar way. The imago of "Cetonia aurala" also frequently damages the flowers of the strawberry by devouring their centres, and is often troublesome in this way in forcing-houses particularly. The carnivorous ground beetles, particularly "Pterostichus nigra" and "Harpalus rufimanus", when the fruit is ripe attack it at night, returning to the soil in the daytime. They are to be caught by placing jars containing some attractive matter, such as meat and water, at intervals about the beds with their mouths sunk level with the surface of the soil. Millipedes also are often found in the ripe fruit, but occur mostly where the soil is very rich in organic matter and poor in lime.
Slugs and snails also snack on the fruit, as do birds. Slug pellets can be used to reduce their numbers, with child and animal safe versions available. Organic solutions to slug attacks include beer baiting.
The strawberry ("Fragaria") is a genus of plants in the family Rosaceae, and the fruit of these plants. There are more than 20 named species and many hybrids and cultivars. The most common strawberries grown commercially are cultivars of the Garden strawberry, "../Fragaria x ananassa/".
The typical modern strawberry grown as a food crop comes from the Americas, and is a hybrid of both north and South American varieties. Ironically, the crossbreeding was done in Europe to correct a mistake; the European horticulturists had only brought female South American plants, and were forced to cross them with the North American variety in order to get fruit and seeds.
Fragaria comes from "fragans", meaning odorous, an allusion to the perfumed flesh of the fruit. Madam Tallien, a great figure of the French Revolution, who was nicknamed Our Lady of Thermidor, used to take baths full of strawberries to keep the full radiance of her skin. Fontenelle, centenarian writer and gourmet of the 18th century, considered his long life was due to the strawberries he used to eat.
The strawberry is an accessory fruit, meaning that the fleshy part is derived not from the ovaries (which are the "seeds", or achenes) but from the peg at the bottom of the hypanthium that held the ovaries. So from a technical standpoint, the seeds are the actual fruits of the plant, and the flesh of the strawberry is modified receptacle tissue. It is greenish-white as it develops and in most species turns red when ripe.
There are more than 20 different "Fragaria" species worldwide. Key to the classification of strawberry species is recognizing that they vary in the number of chromosomes. There are seven basic types of chromosomes that they all have in common. However, they exhibit different polyploidy. Some species are diploid, having two sets of the seven chromosomes (14 chromosomes total). Others are tetraploid (four sets, 28 chromosomes total), hexaploid (six sets, 42 chromosomes total), octoploid (eight sets, 56 chromosomes total), or decaploid (ten sets, 70 chromosomes total).
As a rough rule (with exceptions), strawberry species with more chromosomes tend to be more robust and produce larger plants with larger berries (Darrow).
Numerous other species have been proposed. Some are now recognized as subspecies of one of the above species (see GRIN taxonomy database).
The Mock Strawberry and Barren Strawberry, which both bear resemblance to "Fragaria", are closely related species in the genus "../Potentilla/". The Strawberry tree is an unrelated species.
../Leaf Spots/
../Gray Mold/
../White Mold/
../Nutrient Deficiencies/
../Aphids/
../Spittlebugs/
../Bugs/
../Earwigs/
../Thrips/
../Beetles/
../Weevils/
../Caterpillars/
../Mites/
../Millipedes/
../Slugs and Snails/
The Western Flower Thrips is a major agricultural and garden pest, affecting hundreds of cultivated and weedy species. Aside from damage due to feeding, its ability to act as a vector for viruses makes it particularly problematic.
Very small, oblong insects.
Puncture holes, silvering, yellowing, or browning of plant parts, eventually leaves and flower parts die off and drop.
Crops attacked by this pest include beans, burdock (gobo), capsicum, cucumber, eggplant, lettuce, onion, tomatoes and watermelon. Ornamental crops include carnation, chrysanthemum, orchids, pikake, rose and tuberose. Refer to Yudin et al., (1986) for a listing of hosts in the vegetable-growing region of Kula, Maui.
Fruit Growing
Fruits and Vegetables by Botanical Name
Fungi and lichen are rarely thought of as being part of a garden – being considered weeds if at all, though lichen especially can play a role, notably in weathering or conveying age, particularly on stone surfaces (walls and borders) and in rock gardens.
Below we address both how to grow them and how to inhibit their growth.
The common snowdrop ("Galanthus nivalis") is the best-known representative of a small genus of about 20 species in the family ../Amaryllidaceae/ that are among the first bulbs to bloom in spring.
Double-flowered forms such as "Galanthus nivalis" f. "pleniflorus" 'Flore Pleno' may be less attractive to the eye of the purist. There are numerous cultivars (cultivated varieties), single and double, differing particularly in the size and markings of the flower, the period of flowering, and other characteristics of interest to keen (even fanatical) collectors known as "galanthophiles". 
Other notable species:
Propagation is by offsets removed when the plants are at rest, immediately after the leaves have withered; or by seeds sown either when ripe, or in spring. Professional growers and keen amateurs also use such methods as "twin-scaling" to increase the stock of choice varieties quickly.
Galium aparine is a herbaceous annual plant of the family ../Rubiaceae/. It is native to North America and Eurasia. It has several common names, including Cleavers, Goosegrass, Stickywilly, Catchweed, and Coachweed.
The long stems of this climbing plant sprawl over the ground and other plants, reaching heights of 1-1.5 m, occasionally 2 m. The leaves are simple and borne in whorls of six to eight. Both leaves and stem have fine hairs tipped with tiny hooks. This makes them cling to clothes and fur much like velcro. The white to greenish flowers are small at 2–3 mm across, having four petals each.
It flowers in early spring to summer, with the flowers occurring in most of the leaf nodes. The fruits are burrs, produced in clusters 1-3 seeds; each seed is 4–6 mm diameter and covered with hooked hairs which cling to animal fur and clothing, aiding in seed dispersal.
It is abundant in hedges and other low shrubby vegetation, and is also a common weed in arable fields and gardens. As they grow quite rampantly and thickly, they end out shading out any small plants that they overrun.
The seeds are similar size to cereal grains, and thus are one of the most common contaminants in cereals since they are difficult to filter out. Their presence in cereals is not considered a serious problem as they are not toxic.
When dried and roasted, the fruits of this plant can be used to make a coffee-like drink.
See "../Galium/" for a list of pests and diseases.
Woodruff ("Galium odoratum") is a herbaceous perennial plant in the family Rubiaceae, native to Europe, western Asia and north Africa. It grows to 30–50 cm long, often lying flat on the ground or supported by other plants. The plant is also known in English as Sweet Woodruff or Wild Baby's Breath. "Master of the woods" is probably a translation of the German name Waldmeister. Names like "Sweetscented bedstraw", "Cudweed" and "Ladies' Bedstraw" should be avoided; the former two properly refer to "../Galium triflorum/", the latter to "../Galium verum/".
The leaves are simple, lanceolate, glabrous, 2–5 cm long, and borne in whorls of 6-9. The small (4–7 mm diameter) flowers are produced in cymes, each white with four petals joined together at the base. The seeds are 2–4 mm diameter, produced singly, and each seed is covered in tiny hooked bristles which help disperse the seed by sticking temporarily to clothing and animal fur.
This plant prefers partial to full shade in moist, rich soils. In dry summers it needs frequent irrigation. Propagation is by crown division, separation of the rooted stems, or digging up of the barely submerged perimeter stolons.
"Galium odoratum" is a strongly scented plant, the sweet scent being derived from coumarin. This scent increases on wilting and then persists on drying, and woodruff is used in pot-pourri and as a moth deterrent. It is also used, mainly in Germany, to flavour May wine (called "Maiwein" or "Maibowle" in German), beer (Berliner Weisse), brandy, sausages, jelly, jam, a soft drink (Tarchun), and a herbal tea with gentle sedative properties.
High doses can cause headaches, and very high doses (far beyond those found in the aforementioned drinks) can even have mind-altering properties, as well as causing vertigo, somnolence or even central paralysis and apnoea while in a coma; so, some common sense should be applied when consuming woodruff. Since the 1980s, woodruff may no longer be used as an ingredient of industrially produced drinks and foodstuffs in Germany; it has been replaced by artificial aromas and colorings. However, the plant itself remains on sale and is also widely collected from the wild for private use. Using up to three grams of woodruff per litre of May wine is considered safe, as long as the drink is consumed no more than a few weeks per year.
Cleaning up a garden bed can be a joy, but can also be daunting if the bed hasn't been maintained on a regular basis. By organizing the cleanup into separate tasks, the gardener can concentrate on getting one thing done at a time, perhaps breaking up the chores over different days, or having one gardener start with the first step, and another gardener working on the next.
The most important thing is to keep cleaned up as the work progresses, meaning that the gardener shouldn't start the next step before cleaning up after the previous one. Cleaning up is often more time consuming and physically arduous than doing the actual chores,so it should not be left for the end of the day.
Garden bed cleanup:
Garden Bed Cleanup
Tools and equipment used by gardeners.
Garden Tools
'Allium sativum L., commonly known as garlic, is a species in the onion family alliaceae. Its close relatives include the onion, shallot, leek, and chive. Garlic has been used throughout recorded history for both culinary and medicinal purposes. It has a characteristic pungent, spicy flavor that mellows and sweetens considerably with cooking.
A bulb of garlic, the most commonly used part of the plant, is divided into numerous fleshy sections called cloves. The cloves are used as seed, for consumption (raw or cooked), and for medicinal purposes. The leaves, stems (scape), and flowers (bulbils) on the head (spathe) are also edible and are most often consumed while immature and still tender. The papery, protective layers of "skin" over various parts of the plant and the roots attached to the bulb are the only parts not considered palatable.
It is preferable to sow Garlic cloves in late autumn, but they can also be sown in early spring, although you should expect a smaller yield from spring planting.
Garlic prefers a site that receives plenty of sun and where the soil is not too damp, Garlic cannot grow in shade. Plant cloves individually, upright (with the flat end pointing down) and about an inch (25 mm) under the surface. Plant the cloves about 4 inches (100 mm) apart. Rows should be about 18 inches (450 mm) apart.
Garlic is not particularly demanding, it will grow in acidic, neutral and alkaline soils, however, it prefers light free draining soil and will not grow well in clay soil or soil that is consistently damp. Garlic does not need very rich soil but prefers soil that is well cultivated with plenty of organic matter, compost or manure.
Garlic planted in the Autumn should produce shoots above ground in early spring, if not there is still time to plant a spring crop which will produce shoots soon after. Garlic does not require much in the way of maintenance but should be watered sparingly in extended dry periods and covered if you experience an extended period of heavy rain. You can apply fertiliser in late March and mid May to encourage growth but this is not necessary to obtain a decent crop.
Garlic is widely used around the world for its pungent flavour, as a seasoning or condiment or to enhance other flavours. Depending on the form of cooking and the desired result, the flavor is either mellow or intense. It is often paired with onion, tomato, and/or ginger. It is very widely used in Lebanese cuisine: many Lebanese salads contain a garlic sauce. The parchment-like skin is relatively inedible, much like the skin of an onion. The skin is typically removed before cooking, though sometimes alternative approaches are used, such as slice garlic head crosswise, coat in olive oil, roast until the garlic is well cooked, and then the roasted garlic separates quite easily from the skins (by pulling it out, shaking it out, and/or squeezing it out). The term 'clove' is sometimes misinterpreted to mean the whole garlic bulb (head).
Garlic is commonly stored in cooking oil with herbs to yield an oil infused with flavour. Garlic-infused oils are widely available. Care must be taken preparing such, as there is a risk of botulism developing in the oxygen-free oil if the product is not stored properly. To reduce the risk of botulism, the oil containing the garlic must be refrigerated and used within one week. (see Caution below). Commercial producers use a combination of salts and/or acids to eliminate the risk of botulism in their products.[8] In Chinese cuisine, the young bulbs are pickled for 3–6 weeks in a mixture of sugar, salt and spices. Pickled garlic is available at supermarkets. The shoots are often pickled in Russia and states of the Caucasus and eaten as an appetizer.
Immature scapes are tender and edible. They are also known as 'garlic spears', 'stems', or 'tops'. Scapes generally have a milder taste than cloves. They are often used in stir frying or prepared like asparagus. Garlic leaves are a popular vegetable in many parts of Asia, particularly in particular Chinese, Vietnamese, and Cambodian. The leaves are cut, cleaned and then stir-fried with eggs, meat or vegetables.
harvested cloves must retain their outer covering to avoid dehydration,cloves harvested during late summer affect the drying and storage when wet is required this achieved by storing at 0-4 degrees centigrade,although this cold storage my induce dormancy treatment with growth inhibitor promote storability. all cloves selected for planting should be disease free, good quality and well matured.
Garlic is grown from Individual cloves. Each clove will produce one plant with a single bulb, which may in turn produce up to twenty cloves. the cloves will not germinate naturally just like any other seeds this because garlic cloves posses some physiological dormancy which has to be treated for their sprouting. cold treatment 0-4 degree inside refrigeration at a period of between 2–3 weeks will break dormancy and induce sprouting another method of breaking that dormancy is by use of hormone gibbellin GA3
commercially obtain with trade name rootex, concentration of 20% has been found to induce rooting, the basal plate of the cloves is treated and cloves planted in media in upright manner. experimental research as shown a faster and vigorous growth rate once treatments are administered. in temperate and sub tropics chilling can be achieved naturally by planting cloves before winter begin this natural mechanism will help treat the cloves and at the beginning of summer 100% sprouting will be obtained
The trickiest part of growing Garlic is determining when to harvest your crop, harvest too early and your cloves will be small, harvest too late and the bulb will have started to split, Traditionally in Europe Garlic would be harvested on the longest day of the year but this is not always the best time to harvest. As garlic matures the leaves turn brown and begin to die, this is your cue to harvest your garlic, this can happen any time between June and August so you will need to keep an eye on your crop as it matures and you should harvest when the leaves are about 50% green and 50% brown. It can also be beneficial to pull a single garlic when the leaves turn to assess if the bulb is mature enough, if they are still small you can probably afford to leave them a bit longer, it they are starting to split then you know that you will have to harvest your crop immediately.
The temptation when harvesting is to pull your garlic from the ground by the stem, it is better, however, to gently lift the garlic from underneath with a garden fork. Once picked it is essential that the Garlic is dried properly or it will rot, it is also important at this stage to NOT wash the garlic as this may also cause rot. Fresh Garlic can also be consumed but without curing can only be stored for a short period of time. Once you have harvested your garlic make sure that you do not remove the stem and leaves as the Garlic will continue to draw nutrient from the plant, also do not leave the garlic out in the sun for any lengh oftime as it can scorch the garlic and leech the flavour from it. The Garlic should be stored in a dry place at room temperature that is not in direct sunlight, they will need good air movement to prevent spoilage so they can benefit from being hung by their stems. The curing process takes about a month, anywhere between 14 and 25 days.
Garlic will keep for a number of months after curing but will need to be stored in suitable conditions, usually at room temperature and in an environment with enough humidity to prevent the garlic from drying out. Once cured you can either remove the leaves and stems or if you prefer remove the leaves and use the stems to braid your garlic together.
Companion planting is the practice of growing plants together that provide mutual benefits to each other. Garlic is a particularly useful plant in companion planting as it can assist other crops in a variety of ways.
Garlic Deters many pests including:
It is also supposed to deter snails and even deer, but due to the stubbornness of these pests I would not expect any major success, additionally concentrated garlic sprays can be used to deter white-flies, aphids and fungus gnats among others.
Garlic is also a natural fungicide as well as pesticide, it accumulates sulpher, which is a naturally occurring fungicide and the powerful antibiotic and anti fungal compound allicin is released when garlic cloves are crushed. This also occurs when the clove is bitten into. Thus pests attacking garlic are likely to release its natural pesticide.
Companion planting Garlic is beneficial to most vegetables and soft fruit, as well as roses as it deter Aphids and helps prevent blackspot. Garlic is particularly beneficial to Carrots, lettuce and cabbage as it deters many common pest and can also improve the flavor of some vegetables; including Beetroot and cabbage.
Garlic should not be planted with Legumes, peas or potatoes as it can negatively affect their growth and flavor.
Geranium maculatum, the Spotted Geranium, Wood Geranium, or Wild Geranium is a woodland perennial plant native to eastern North America, from southern Manitoba and southwestern Quebec south to Alabama and west to Oklahoma and South Dakota. It grows in dry to moist woods and is normally abundant when found.
It is a perennial herbaceous plant growing to 60 cm tall, producing upright usually unbranched stems and flowers in spring to early summer. The leaves are palmately lobed with five or seven deeply cut lobes, 10–12.5 cm broad, with a petiole up to 30 cm long arising from the rootstock. They are deeply parted into three or five divisions, each of which is again cleft and toothed. The flowers are 2.5–4 cm diameter, with five rose-purple, pale or violet-purple (rarely white) petals and ten stamens; they appear from April to June in loose clusters of two to five at the top of the stems. The fruit capsule, which springs open when ripe, consists of five cells each containing one seed joined to a long beak-like column 2–3 cm long (resembling a crane's bill) produced from the center of the old flower. The rhizome is long, and 5 to 10 cm thick, with numerous branches. The rhizomes are covered with scars, showing the remains of stems of previous years growth. When dry it has a somewhat purplish color internally. Plants go dormant in early summer after seed is ripe and dispersed.
The plant has been used in herbal medicine, and is also grown as a garden plant.
Girdling is a technique for killing unwanted trees or large shrubs by cutting through the cambium layer around the circumference of the trunk.
Glechoma hederacea (Ground-ivy) is a an aromatic, perennial, evergreen creeper of the mint family, ../Lamiaceae/, native to Europe and southwestern Asia but introduced to North America and now common in most regions other than the Rocky Mountains. Its common names include Alehoof, Creeping Charlie (or Charley), Catsfoot (from the size and shape of the leaf), Field Balm, Run-away-robin, Ground Ivy, Gill-over-the-ground, and Tunhoof. It is also sometimes known as "Creeping Jenny", but that more commonly refers to "../Lysimachia nummularia/".
It can be identified by its round to reniform (kidney or fan shaped), crenate (with round toothed edges) opposed leaves 2–3 cm diameter, on 3–6 cm long petioles attached to square stems which root at the nodes. It is a variable species, its size being influenced by environmental conditions, from 5 cm up to 50 cm tall.
Glechoma is sometimes confused with common mallow ("Malva neglecta"), which also has round, lobed leaves; but mallow leaves are attached to the stem at the back of a rounded leaf, where ground ivy has square stems and leaves which are attached in the center of the leaf, more prominent rounded lobes on their edges, attach to the stems in an opposite arrangement, and have a hairy upper surface. In addition, mallow and other creeping plants sometimes confused with ground ivy do not spread from nodes on stems. In addition, ground ivy emits a distinctive odor when damaged, being a member of the mint family.
The flowers of Glechoma are bilaterally symmetrical, funnel shaped, blue or bluish-violet to lavender, and grow in opposed clusters of 2 or 3 flowers in the leaf axils on the upper part of the stem or near the tip. It usually flowers in the spring.
Glechoma thrives in moist shaded areas, but also tolerates sun very well. It is a common plant in grasslands and wooded areas or wasteland. It also thrives in lawns and around buildings, since it survives mowing. It spreads by stolons or by seed. Part of the reason for its wide spread is this stoloniferous method of reproduction. 
It will form dense mats which can take over areas of lawn, and thus can be considered an invasive or aggressive weed. It can be a problem in heavy, rich soils with good fertility, high moisture, and low boron content. It thrives particularly well in shady areas where grass does not grow well, although it can also be a problem in full sun.
Glechoma is sometimes grown as a potted plant, and occasionally as a ground cover. A variegated variety is sometimes commercially available.
While often thought of as a weed because of its propensity for spreading, Glechoma has culinary and medicinal uses which were the cause of its being imported to America by early European settlers. The fresh herb can be rinsed and steeped in hot water to create an herbal tea which is rich in vitamin C. The essential oil of the plant has many potent medicinal properties; the plant has been used for centuries as a general tonic for colds and coughs and to relieve congestion of the mucous membranes. The plant has been demonstrated to have anti-inflammatory properties. It has also been claimed to increase excretion of lead in the urine.
Its medicinal properties have been described for millennia, Galen recommending the plant to treat inflammation of the eyes, for instance. John Gerard, an English herbalist, recommended the plant to treat tinnitus, as well as a "diuretic, astringent, tonic and gently stimulant. Useful in kidney diseases and for indigestion."
Glechoma was also widely used by the Saxons in brewing beer as flavoring, clarification, and preservative, before the introduction of hops for these purposes; thus the brewing-related names, Alehoof, Tunhoof, and Gill-over-the-ground.
This is a glossary of botanical and horticultural terms used in Horticulture.
A bulb is an underground plant organ used for storing food by certain monocots. While often called a root, bulbs are actually made up of modified leaves.
Under ground modified stem (eg) Ginger and Turmeric
A Stolon is a modified stem which grows either beneath the soil or along the soil surface usually to root at the nodes.
Glossary
Glyphosate (N-(phosphonomethyl) glycine, CHNOP) is a non-selective herbicide used to kill weeds, especially perennials.
Glyphosate is the primary ingredient in Monsanto's popular herbicide, ../Roundup/. Many crops have been genetically engineered to be resistant to it. The chemical is only absorbed by the leaves of plants and it is not absorbed by roots from the soil.
Glyphosate is an aminophosphonic analogue of the natural amino acid glycine and the name is a contraction of "glycine", "phospho-", and "-ate".
Glyphosate kills plants by inhibiting the enzyme 5-enolpyruvoyl-shikimate-3-phosphate synthase (EPSPS), which forms the aromatic amino acids: phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan. EPSPS catalyzes the reaction of shikimate 3-phosphate (S3P) and phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) to form ESP and phosphate. The aromatic amino acids are also used to make secondary metabolites such as folates, ubiquinones and naphthoquinones. The shikimate pathway is not present in animals. CAS: 1071-83-6
Glyphosate is applied as a spray or a paint. Concentrations depend on the particular formulation used.
There are concerns about the effects of glyphosate (and Roundup) on non-plant species. For more information, see ../Roundup/.
Glyphosate binds tightly to soil so it does not end up passing through the soil and ending up in the aquifers. It is rapidly metabolized in the soil by dephosphorylation.
However, it should be noted that the government of Denmark banned spraying of glyphosate in Sept 2003 after groundwater concentrations over 5 times the allowed limit were discovered. Furthermore, glyphosate groundwater residues are documented in Canada, the Netherlands and also in the USA, as well as, off coast in many marine environments. (For more information please see http://www.national-toxic-encephalopathy-foundation.org/roundup.pdf)
In-vitro studies (Walsh, "et al." 2000) have shown glyphosate to have an effect on progesterone production in mammalian cells and can affect mortality of placental cells in-vitro (Richard, "et al." 2005). Whether these studies classify glyphosate as an endocrine disruptor is a matter of debate.
Some feel that in-vitro studies are insufficient, and are waiting to see if animal studies show a change in endocrine activity, since a change in a single cell line may not occur in an entire organism. Additionally, current in-vitro studies expose cell lines to concentrations orders of magnitude greater than would be found in real conditions, and through pathways that would not be experienced in real organism. Current toxicological studies of higher order mammals (EU 2002) have suggested no endocrine disruption even at high doses.
Others feel that in-vitro studies, particularly ones identifying not only an effect, but a chemical pathway, are sufficient evidence to classify glyphosate as an endocrine disruptor, on the basis that even small changes in endocrine activity can have lasting effects on an entire organism that may be difficult to detect through whole organism studies alone. Further research on the topic has been planned, and should shed more light on the debate.
Some microorganisms have a version of 5-enolpyruvoyl-shikimate-3-phosphate synthetase (EPSPS) that is resistant to glyphosate inhibition. The version used in genetically modified crops was isolated from "Agrobacterium" strain CP4 (CP4 EPSPS) that was resisitant to glyphosate. The CP4 EPSPS gene was cloned and inserted into soybeans. The CP4 EPSPS gene was engineered for plant expression by fusing the 5' end of the gene to a chloroplast transit peptide derived from the petunia EPSPS. This transit peptide was used because it had shown previously an ability to deliver bacterial EPSPS to the chloroplasts of other plants. The plasmid used to move the gene into soybeans was PV-GMGTO4. It contained three bacterial genes, two PC4 EPSPS genes, and a gene encoding beta-glucuronidase (GUS) from "Escherichia coli" as a marker. The DNA was injected into the soybeans using the particle acceleration method. Soybean cultivar A54O3 was used for the transformation. The expression of the GUS gene was used as the initial evidence of transformation. GUS expression was detected by a staining method in which the GUS enzyme converts a substrate into a blue precipitate. Those plants that showed GUS expression were then taken and sprayed with glyphosate and their tolerance was tested over many generations.
In 1996, genetically modified soybeans were available commercially(). This greatly improved the ability to control weeds in soybean fields since glyphosate could be sprayed on fields without hurting the crop. As of 2004, glyphosate was used on 80% of U.S. soybean fields to eliminate weeds.
These crops are actually fruits in the botanical sense, but are more often considered vegetables.
Gourd Family
While not appropriate for garden situations, the use of animals for weed control is sometimes appropriate for wooded areas, meadows, and even lawns. Goats, sheep, and rabbits can be used for this purpose.
Halyomorpha halys, the brown marmorated stink bug, is an agricultural pest that can cause widespread damage to fruit and vegetable crops. In Japan it is a pest to soybean and fruit crops. In the U.S., the brown marmorated stink bug feeds on a wide range of fruits, vegetables, and other host plants beginning in late May/early June including peaches, apples, green beans, soybeans, cherry, raspberries, and pears. It is a sucking insect that uses its stylet to pierce the host plant in order to feed. This feeding results, in part, in the formation of small, necrotic areas on the outer surface of fruits but ranges from leaf stippling, cat-facing on tree fruits, seed loss, and transmission of plant pathogens.
The bug is native to China and Japan, and is believed to have "hitched a ride" to North America as a stowaway in packing crates from China or Japan. The first documented specimen was collected in Allentown, Pennsylvania, during the fall of 1996. In 1999, the brown marmorated stink bug was first recovered in New Jersey from a black light trap run by the Rutgers Cooperative Extension (RCE) Vegetable IPM program in Milford, New Jersey. In 2002, it was again collected from black light traps located in Phillipsburg and Little York and found on plant material in Stewartsville. It is now documented and established in many counties in the tri-state area (New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York) on the eastern coast of the United States. This agricultural pest has already reached large parts of Western Maryland and West Virginia, and studies continue to establish just how extensive the infestation may go.
It looks similar in appearance to other native species of shield bugs including "../Acrosternum/", "../Euschistus/", and "../Podisus/", except that several of the abdominal segments protrude from beneath the wings and are alternatively banded with black and white (visible along the edge of the bug even when wings are folded) and a white stripe or band on the next to last (4th) antennal segment. The adults are approximately ⅝ in long and he underside is white or pale tan, sometimes with grey or black markings. The legs are brown with faint white banding.
The most economically important damage is necrotic areas on the outer surface of fruits but also ranges from leaf stippling, cat-facing on tree fruits, seed loss, and possibly the transmission of plant pathogens
The brown marmorated stink bug survives the winter as adults by entering houses and structures when fall evenings start to turn cold. Adults can live for several years and look for buildings to overwinter in that shield them from the elements. They will work their way under siding, into soffits, around window and door frames, under roof shingles and into any crawl space or attic vent which has openings big enough to fit through. Once inside the home they will go into a state of hibernation where they wait for winter to pass, but often the warmth inside the home causes them to become active, especially in winter months, and they will fly clumsily around light fixtures. They leave a powerful scent behind on everything they land on, including the buildings where they hibernate, and this odor is one of the reasons they will return year after year; it is a beacon to other stinkbugs that this location is a good hibernation nest.
The stinkbug's ability to emit a vile odor through holes in its abdomen is a defense mechanism meant to prevent it from being eaten by birds and lizards. However, simply jostling the bug, cornering it, scaring or injuring it, or attempting to remove one from one's home can "set it off," and the odor is extremely powerful, unpleasant, and long-lasting. It can make a whole room uninhabitable until aired out, and some people are even allergic to the smell. Squashing it is a surefire way of expelling its noxious odor, and most times the best way of extracting one from the inside of a home is to allow it to walk onto something like a newspaper and then simply taking it outside. The stink glands are located on the underside of the thorax, between the first and second pair of legs.
Control methods have yet to be established for agricultural situations.
Witch-hazel ("Hamamelis") is a genus of four species of flowering plants in the family Hamamelidaceae, with two species in North America ("H. virginiana" and "H. vernalis"), and one each in Japan ("H. japonica") and China ("H. mollis"). They are popular ornamental plants, grown for their clusters of rich yellow to orange-red flowers which begin to expand in the autumn as or slightly before the leaves fall, and continue throughout the winter. Numerous cultivars have been selected for use as garden shrubs, many of them derived from the hybrid "H. × intermedia" Rehder ("H. japonica" × "H. mollis").
The Parrotia, a closely related tree formerly treated as "Hamamelis persica", is now given a genus of its own, as "Parrotia persica", as it differs in the flowers not having petals. Other closely allied genera are "Parrotiopsis", "Fothergilla" and "Sycopsis" (see under Hamamelidaceae). Witch-hazels are not closely related to the hazels.
"Hamamelis" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Feathered Thorn.
They are deciduous shrubs or (rarely) small trees growing to 3–8 m tall, rarely to 12 m tall, with gray bark that varies from smooth to warty in texture. The leaves are alternately arranged, oval, 4–16 cm long and 3–11 cm broad, with a smooth or wavy margin. Winter vegetative buds are foliose, floral buds on short stalks, opening slightly several weeks before fully blooming. The flowers have four slender, strap-shaped petals 1–2 cm long, pale to dark yellow, orange, or red. The fruit is a two-parted capsule 1 cm long with two "beaks" at the tip of each half, containing a single 5 mm glossy black seed in each of the two parts; the capsule splits explosively at maturity in the autumn about 8 months after flowering; the seeds are ejected with sufficient force to fly for distances of up to 10 m.
Flowers of the winter-blooming species are visited by many insects, including bumblebees, and so can serve as an important nectar source at that time of year.
Witch hazels grow best in full sun, but tolerate considerable shade. Deep, fertile, well-drained soils are best, but they are quite adamptable.
Witch hazels should not be pruned in mid to late winter, as they bleed copiously and the plant may become desiccated.
On many plants, the leaves fail to fall off the plant in autumn, and may need to be cut off with scissors since the dark brown dead leaves detract from the flower display of winter-blooming types.
The bark and leaves are astringent, the extract, also referred to as Witch Hazel, is used medicinally. Extracts from its bark and leaves are used in aftershave lotions and lotions for treating bruises. The seeds contain a quantity of oil and are edible.
Hammer cultivators (sometimes called weeders) are similar to a small ../Mattock/, which are used for either digging out deep-rooted weeds or for large plantings.
Hand Cultivators
Hedges are groups of plants planted in rows to provide structure to a garden, or as screens. They are generally kept pruned in geometric forms as well.
The most important characteristic making a plant suitable for hedging is that it should tolerate hard pruning. Plants that branch frequently are also preferable.
Hedges are maintained through regular shearing, or in some cases through pollarding.
Common problems for hedges include invasion by weed plants, dying out at the bottom, and improper plant selection, and inconsistent maintenance.
Hedges
Helleborus foetidus, known variously as Stinking hellebore, Dungwort, or Bear's foot, is a member of the buttercup family Ranunculaceae, native to western Europe, from England south to Portugal, and east to Germany and Italy.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 80 cm tall and 100 cm across, with evergreen leaves. The flowers are yellowish-green, often with a purple edge to the five petal-like sepals on strongly upright stems. Foliage is pungent when crushed.
"Helleborus foetidus" prefers woodland conditions with deep, fertile, moist, humus rich, well drained soil, and dappled shade. The species is, however, drought tolerant.
The cultivar Green Giant has very bright green flowers and finley divided foliage; Miss Jekyll has fragrant flowers, intensity varying with the time of day; Wester Flisk Group has red tinted leaves and stems and gray-green flowers; the Sierra Nevada Group is dwarf reaching 30 cm.
It is grown in gardens for its handsome evergreen foliage and large numbers green, bell shaped flowers borne in late winter. Because of its toxicity, it is often grown where ../Deer/ are a problem.
This plant tends to be somewhat short-lived in the garden, but replaces itself well with copious seedlings. Deadhead to prevent reseeding, and remove the plant if it has blackened leaves or stems.
Propagations is via division or from seed, which can be prolific, naturalising well in ideal conditions.
(see "../Helleborus/" for a discussion of pests and diseases).
The Christmas rose is among the earliest hellebores to bloom, with creamy white flowers and glossy foliage.
"Helleborus niger" is a low-growing herbaceous plant with evergreen foliage. Leaves are in basal rosettes, dark green and glossy, and palmately lobed.
The flowers are produced on scapes from the crown in winter or very early spring.
Grows best in deciduous shade in deep, moist, humus-rich soils.
Cut off the previous years leaves when they become ratty
By seed or division.
See "../Helleborus/"
Daylilies are a group of plants in the genus "Hemerocallis", including several species and many thousands of cultivars. These plants produce flowers that last for just a day, but they tend to produce many flowers on each scape, providing a relatively long bloom period.
Daylilies are tough and extremely adaptable. They are successfully grown in nearly any USDA hardiness zone, preferring full sun but tolerant of some shade.
Flowers will be more prolific in better soil and in full sun. In heavy shade, foliage may be more abundant with few flowers. Daylilies prefer at least six hours a day for the paler shades, less for the darker reds and purples. If flowers fade, wilt or burn in direct sun, move them to filtered shade.
Daylilies can spread quickly in good soil (depending on the specific cultivar), so should be spaced appropriately. For large daylilies allow at least 18 to 20 inches between plants, 15 to 17 inches for medium size plants and 12 to 14 inches for small size plants. Daylilies should be planted high, never deeper than the crowns. If bare rooted plants are simply thrown on the ground, they sometimes root themselves in.
A well-drained soil rich in organic material with a pH between 6 and 7 is recommended. Amend soils with compost, peat, good top soil, a little manure, and / or other available organic material. Mix the added materials with a garden fork to the depth of the fork. Spending time and money on your soil is always a good investment.
Select the appropriate daylily varieties for your climate. While most daylilies will grow in a wide variety of climates, some are best suited for specific areas. Because most of the daylilies grown today are hybrids of dormant and evergreen species, they can be categorized into these three groups depending on whether they lose their foliage during the dormant season. Daylilies are divided into three general categories: 
Daylilies are usually propagated by division, and are one of the easiest perennials to divide. There are several methods for dividing daylilies:
Divisions can be as small as a single fan.
A proliferation is a small fan that grows in the node of a bract on the scape. These fans can be rooted to make a new plant (which will, like divisions, be a clone). To encourage proliferations, simply make sure that no seed pods are allowed to develop on the top of the scape. Harvest the proliferations as soon as the scape shows signs of yellowing, and root in water with a piece of the scape still attached.
Some of the newer, patented cultivars of daylily are propagated through tissue culture.
Many daylily cultivars can produce fertile seed (however, triploid cultivars do not). To harvest seed, simply leave the seed pod on the plant until it completely dries up and opens. Some prefer to harvest a little earlier, but at least wait until the pod shows some sign of an open crack. The time from pollination to harvest runs around 45 days.
Daylily seeds are easy to gather, but not all seeds are fertile. Some plants may be sterile and never produce seeds, some may be fertile one way or both ways.
When seed pods turn brown and start to split, gently remove seeds. Jason will tie a bag over the flowers he pollinated to catch the seed, and leave the pod on the stem as long as possible. Seeds should dry (at least one month is recommended) before refrigerating or planting.
Germinate seeds approximately two weeks in any suitable germinating mixture. Cover seeds to a 1/8 to 1/4 inch depth. Place containers in partial shade to prevent drying out. Transplant when adequate roots develop and wait two to three years for a flower.
To properly hybridize a new registered daylily will take some patience and persistence, but since each seed-grown daylily is different from every other daylily in the world, even a beginning gardener can help create a brand new flower.
The buds and flowers of the daylily are edible, and used in some Asian cuisines. They can also be stuffed, similar to Squash flowers.
The difficulty with daylilies is that since the blooms only last a day, they must be picked and used the same day. The best time to pick is just after the flowers have fully opened. Refrigeration is not appropriate, as it will cause them to wilt.
The enlarged roots can be peeled and eaten raw or stir-fried. They have a sweet radish flavor.
Greedy Scale is a scale insect with a wide range of hosts. Its origin is uncertain, but it has become an invasive species in many parts of the world.
Small, grayish-white armored scales, generally found in large colonies.
Severe infestations cause wilting, distortion, and the death of the host plant.
Females do not produce wings, crawlers are spread mechanically or by wind.
Greedy scale feeds on hundreds of species, including (but not limited to) species in the following genera:
Hemiptera is a large, cosmopolitan order of insects, comprising some 67,500 known species in three suborders. Traditionally these taxa were treated as two separate orders, Homoptera (Auchenorrhyncha and Sternorrhyncha) and Heteroptera; the former name is now obsolete (the group was paraphyletic), and the latter name is falling into disuse, often replaced by Prosorrhyncha. Referring latest investigations the name Auchenorrhyncha should also be replaced by Archeorrhyncha and Clyeporrhyncha.
Members of the "Heteroptera" are typically called true bugs, and this name sometimes is used for members of "Hemiptera" as a whole. The name heteroptera comes from their forewings having both membranous and hard portions. It is also essentially this same feature which gives the order its name, hemiptera, coming from the Greek for half-wing.
Members of the Hemiptera are distinguished from all other insects by both adults and nymphs having a proboscis that includes a salivary channel as well as a food channel. The proboscis is usually specialized to suck the juices from various parts of plants, including seeds, although some species are predatory (on arthropods and sometimes small animals), and a few are adapted to suck blood from mammals. In addition, the space between the overlapping wings in the members of this order forms a triangular shape near the head which is commonly used to identify a true bug.
Suborder Prosorrhyncha includes 25,000 known species in over 60 families.
Suborder Archaeorrhyncha:Some authors prefer this name to refer to the Fulgoromorpha, or Planthoppers.
Suborder [Clypeorrhyncha is sometimes used to refer to the Cicadomorpha.
Suborder Sternorrhyncha contains 12,500 species.
Hemiptera is an order of insects which includes ../Aphids/, ../Scales/, ../Hoppers/, ../Bugs/, ../Whiteflies/, and ../Mealybugs/, as well as ../Fleas/.
These insects all feed using a piercing-sucking mouthpart.
A herb is a herbaceous plant that does not have a woody stem and dies every winter. The broad definition of the word herb is "useful plant". The historical uses of herbs have been for medicine, cooking, and fragrances. Herbs have also been used as an ornamental manner in gardens. All herbs are classified as being annual, perennial, or biennial. Most herbs are grown during the summer and brought inside during the winter. Herb gardens have many uses with one being growing certain herbs for medical purposes. Another use of an herb garden is growing herbs for culinary purposes. The final use for herb gardens is for the recreationinal uses of herbs whether it be planting them for looks or for fragrances in one's yard. 
http://extension.illinois.edu/herbs/intro.cfm
Herbaceous plants fit roughly into 3 categories, namely annuals, biennials, and perennials.
Annuals are plants that complete their growing cycle in a single year or season. They germinate, grow vegetatively, flower, set seed, and then die. Many plants grown as annuals in temperate climates may actually be "tropical perennials".
Biennials are similar to annuals, except that they do their vegetative growing one year, then flower, set seed, and die the following year.
Perennials are plants that live year after year, going through regular cycles of vegetative growth, flowering, setting seed, and then returning to vegetative growth (usually with periods of dormancy in between). Woody plants such as trees, shrubs, and vines are also perennials, but are not addressed in this volume.
The approach of this book is to discuss the planting and maintenance of individual herbaceous plants. Over time, there may be many thousands of entries.
Herbicides are substances used to kill unwanted plants, often used in modern gardens in lieu of or alongside other weed control techniques. The use of herbicides has benefits in terms of saving labor and time, but can also cause some problems by killing non-target plants or other organisms, contaminating the environment, and in some cases may have toxic effects on humans and other animals.
Herbicides are classified in several ways, including effect, selectivity, persistence, application, and action. They are also further divided into herbicides that are acceptable in organic growing methods and non-organic growing methods.
Selective herbicides kill specific target plants while leaving the desired plants relatively unharmed. Herbicides used to control lawn weeds are in most cases selective herbicides.
Non-selective herbicides kill any plant they come in contact with (though some plants are resistant to various herbicides).
Different herbicides have various "persistence", meaning some stay active over a long period of time, while others become inactive shortly after application.
Herbicides can be applied in one of a few ways. Some are sprayed as a liquid, some applied as granules, some applied through irrigation systems or fumigation (though rarely done in gardens), and some are painted directly onto plant parts. Most herbicides can be applied using more than one method, depending on what they are being used for.
Their classification by mechanism of action (MOA) indicates the first enzyme, protein, or biochemical step affected in the plant following application. The main mechanisms of action are:
By organic is meant a herbicide that can be used in a farming enterprise that has been classified as organic. Organic herbicides are expensive and may not be affordable for commercial production. They are much less effective than synthetic herbicides but of course do not inject unnatural chemicals into the environment.
Organic herbicides include:
Prior to the widespread use of chemical herbicides, cultural controls, such as altering soil pH, salinity, or fertility levels, were used to control weeds. Mechanical control (including tillage) was also (and still is) used to control weeds.
The first widely used herbicide was ../2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid/, often abbreviated 2,4-D. It was developed by a British team during World War II and first saw widespread production and use in the late 1940s. It is easy and inexpensive to manufacture, and kills many broadleaf plants while leaving grasses largely unaffected (although high doses of 2,4-D at crucial growth periods can harm grass crops such as maize or cereals). 2,4-D's low cost has led to continued usage today and it remains one of the most commonly used herbicides in the world. Like other acid herbicides, current formulations utilize either an amine salt (usually trimethyl amine) or one of many esters of the base compound. These are easier to handle than the acid.
2,4-D exhibits relatively poor "selectivity", meaning that it causes stress to non-target plants. It is also less effective against some broadleaf weeds, including many vinous plants, and sedges. A herbicide is termed selective if it affects only certain types of plants, and nonselective if it inhibits most any type of plant. Other herbicides have been more recently developed to achieve desired selectivities.
The 1970s saw the introduction of ../Atrazine/, which has the dubious distinction of being the herbicide of greatest concern for groundwater contamination. Atrazine does not break down readily (within a few weeks) after being applied. Instead it is carried deep into the soil by rainfall causing the aforementioned contamination. Atrazine is said to have "high carryover", a very undesirable property for herbicides.
../Glyphosate/, frequently sold under the brand name Roundup, was introduced in the late 1980s for non-selective weed control. It is now a major herbicide in selective weed control in growing crop plants due to the development of crop plants that are resistant to it. The pairing of the herbicide with the resistant seed contributed to the consolidation of the seed and chemistry industry in the late 1990s.
Many modern chemical herbicides for agriculture are specifically formulated to decompose within a short period after application. This is desirable as it allows crops which may be affected by the herbicide to be grown on the land in future seasons. However, herbicides with low residual activity (i.e. decompose quickly) often do not provide season-long weed control.
Herbicides have been alleged to cause a variety of health effects ranging from skin rashes to death. The pathway of attack can arise from improper applicatrion resulting in direct contact with field workers, inhalation of aerial sprays, food consumption and from contact with residual soil contamination. Herbicides can also be transported via surface runoff to contaminate distant surface waters and hence another pathway of ingestion through extraction of those surface waters for drinking. Some herbicides decompose rapidly in soils and other types have more persistent characteristics with longer environmental half-lives. Other alleged health effects can include chest pain, headaches, nausea and fatigue. Most herbicides (primarily the non-organic) must be extensively tested prior to labeling by the Environmental Protection Agency. However, because of the large number of herbicides in use, many are concerned about potential health effects. Some of the substances in use are alleged to be mutagenic, carcinogenic or teratogenic.
Herbicides
Dame's Rocket, also known as Damask Violet, Dame's Violet, Dames-wort, Dame's Gilliflower, Night Scented Gilliflower, Queen's Gilliflower, Rogue's Gilliflower, Summer Lilac, Sweet Rocket, Mother-of-the-evening and, Winter Gilliflower ("Hesperis matronalis") is a herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the mustard family, Brassicaceae. A native of Eurasia and cultivated as a traditional garden plant elsewhere, Dame's Rocket was brought to North America in the 1600s and has since become naturalized there; it is considered an invasive species in some areas.
The plant is often confused with look-alike native phlox species in North America, but the former can be easily identified by its alternate (rather than opposite), toothed lanceolate leaves (5-15 centimetres in length, larger towards the base of the plant) and showy flowers, which have four rather than a phlox's five petals.
Reaching a maximum height of one metre (3 feet), Dame's Rocket shoots up quickly in spring and enters full bloom by May. The plentiful flowers, in elongate clusters atop strong hairy stalks, are large (2 cm) and vary in colour from white to lavender purple, some being a variegated intermediate between the two. A double-flowered variety is known. The flowers are also highly fragrant; the genus name "Hesperis" is Greek for evening, a reference to this plant's sweet aroma becoming evermore conspicuous towards evening.
The blooming season may last until August, but exceptionally warm weather can hasten the blooms' passing. Seeds are produced in long (5-10 centimetres) pods containing two rows of seeds separated by a dimple.
Moist soil with good drainage in full sun to partial shade is preferred, but the plants are undemanding and will quickly crowd out native wildflower species if given the chance to become established. Extensive monotypic stands of Dame's Rocket are visible at great distances.
The successful spread of Dame's Rocket in North America has been attributed to its prolific seed production and because its seeds are often included in prepackaged "wildflower seed" assortments. Although the plants typically produce only a low-lying rosette their first year, in subsequent years blooming and seed production occurs in tandem throughout the blooming season. The plants are most commonly seen in roadside ditches, dumps and in open woodland settings. Dame's Rocket does however make for an attractive, hardy garden plant and probably does not pose a threat in urban settings.
In Europe, Dame's Rocket is host to the caterpillars of several butterfly species, including the w:Orange tip ("Anthocharis cardamines") and w:Cabbage White ("Pieris rapae"); and moths such as "Plutella porrectella".
Leafhopper is a common name applied to any species from the family Cicadellidae. Leafhoppers, also known as hoppers, are minute plant-feeding insects in the superfamily Cicadelloidea in the homopterous division of the order Hemiptera. Recent classification within the Hemiptera has changed the old term 'Homoptera' into two new suborders: Sternorryncha (aphids, whiteflies, scales, psyllids...) and Auchenorryncha (cicadas, leafhoppers, treehoppers, planthoppers...) with the suborder: Heteroptera containing a large group of insects known as the 'true-bugs', (gnat bugs, pond skaters, shore bugs, toad bugs, water boatmen, backswimmers, etc...)
Leafhoppers are found all over the world, and it is the second largest family in the Hemiptera; there are at least 20,000 described species. Leafhoppers have piercing sucking mouthparts, they feed on plant sap and can transmit plant-infecting viruses and bacteria. Species that are significant agricultural pests include the potato leafhopper, beet leafhopper, white apple leafhopper, two-spotted leafhopper, and glassy-winged sharpshooter. A Leafhoppers' diet commonly consists of plant sap from a wide and diverse range of plants. Leafhoppers mainly consume vegetation but have been known to indulge in small insects.
The Cicadellidae combine the following features:
Horticultural Oil is a pesticide used primarily for controlling insects and mites. The oils are manufactured either from petroleum or vegetable oils, and are very lightweight. Until the late 20th Century, heavier "dormant oils" were used for the dame purpose, but they could only be used in winter as they were too heavy to be used in warmer conditions.
Horticultural oils work by smothering the target pests, either clogging their stomatae or in the case of eggs simply preventing oxygen from moving through the oily film. Oils need to be applied directly to the pest, they have no residual effect and do not harm arthropods if ingested.
Horticultural oils are mixed with water, and sprayed directly onto the pest organisms.
Hot composting requires more work, but with a few minutes a day and the right ingredients you can have finished compost in a few weeks depending on weather conditions. The composting season coincides with the growing season. When conditions are favorable for plant growth, those same conditions work well for biological activity in the compost pile. However, since compost generates heat, the process may continue later into the fall or winter.
Hot piles do best when high-carbon material and high-nitrogen material are mixed in a 1 to 1 ratio. A pile with the minimum dimensions of 7.5 X 7.5 X 7.5 cm is needed for efficient heating. For best heating, make a heap that is 120 or 150 cm in each dimension. As decomposition occurs, the pile will shrink. If you don't have this amount at one time, simply stockpile your materials until a sufficient quantity is available for proper mixing.
Hot piles reach 40 to 70 °C, killing most weed seeds and plant diseases. Studies have shown that compost produced at these temperatures has less ability to suppress diseases in the soil since these temperatures may kill some of the beneficial bacteria necessary to suppress disease.
Steps:
"Adapted from the USDA Backyard Conservation Tip Sheet, a public-domain work of the US Government."
Hot Composting
"Houttuynia cordata" is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to between 20 and 80 cm. The lower stems trail along the ground and spread by producing adventitious roots, while the upright stems grow vertically to flower. The leaves are alternate, broadly heart-shaped, 4–9 cm long and 3–8 cm broad. Flowers appear in summer, and are greenish-yellow, borne on a stem 2–3 cm long with 4-6 large white basal bracts which resemble petals. The cultivar 'Chameleon" has bright, multicolored leaves, and is desirable for this flashy foliage mores than its flowers. Aggressive spreading of the plants can be stopped by growing them in containers or by using a rhizome barrier
The caterpillars of the Cecropia Moth feed on a wide range of trees and shrubs. The adult is one of the largest moths found in North America, and females with wingspans that are 75 mm or more have been documented. It is found throughout the Eastern part of the continent, and as far west as the Rocky Mountains and north into the maritime provinces of Canada. The larvae of these moths are most commonly found on Maple trees, but they have been known to feed on Wild Cherry and Birch trees among many others.
Caterpillars are dark-colored and hairy, adults a large moth.
Foliar damage may be severe if large numbers are present.
The life cycle of the moth is much like any other saturniidae species. It lays oval-shaped, light brown eggs on the leaves of the host plant. When the eggs hatch, small black and hairy caterpillars emerge (first instar), and eat their eggshells.Sometimes the newly hatched caterpillars have yellow bristles, which darken in a few minutes. As the caterpillars age, they molt 5 times. The second instar is yellow-green with black spots and spiny orange, yellow and blue knobs. The third and fourth instars have smaller spines, and are similar to each other. The fifth instar is a whitish color with bright yellow, blue and red knobs. The caterpillars feed heavily on their host plant and can grow up to five inches long. They then spin cocoons of brown silk, usually wrapped in leaves of the host plant. They then pupate inside the two-layered cocoon. There is only one brood per year, the cocoon overwintering and emerging in spring. When the adults eclose, they have to pump fluid into their wings to extend them. The females emit pheromones at night, which the male can detect with its large, bushy antennae. Males can fly for miles in order to reach a female. The moths mate, and the female spends the remainder of her life laying eggs, while the male may mate several more times. Because the adult moths do not have mouth parts they are unable to eat. As a result, the lifespan for an adult Cecropia moth is generally only 7 to 10 days in the wild, perhaps a little longer or shorter, depending on how much movement the moth makes. For instance, if temperatures are cooler, the moth may remain mostly inactive, which will increase its life. In captivity, this lifespan can be extended to about a month by placing the moth in the fridge directly after it hatches and its wings are dry. (Those who intentionally rear the moths may find this necessary to synchronize mating.)
Differentiating between genders of this species is very easy. The most obvious difference is the plumose antennae. Males will have a very bushy antenna while females will have a moderately less bushy antenna. Another difference is that the females will be slightly larger in the abdomen due to carrying eggs. Male's abdomens are also more angular than the female's abdomens which are more rounded.
The lawn pennywort ("Hydrocotyle sibthorpioides"), also called the lawn marshpennywort, is a creeping perennial plant often found as a weed of gardens, pathways and lawns, but occasionally planted for its attractive, glossy foliage.
This plant is a prostrate creeping herb 1 to 2 cm tall with an unlimited spread via the wiry, hollow, green stems that root freely at the nodes.
Leaves are alternate and/or in whorls at the nodes, compound, with 2 stipules, orbicular or nearly so. Palmate veination and lobes, lobes 7, quite variable, generally less than 1 cm wide. Glabrous and bright greeen.
Flowers are borne in simple or compound umbels held on a long peduncle above the foliage mat. Small, perianth 5-numerous, stamens 5. Green.
Native to Asia and Africa, but introduced elsewhere where it has escaped to become a serious weed that may become invasive in wet areas or along stream banks.
A pretty ground cover, may also be used in pots as a green base for larger plants.
Control of this plant can be difficult, as it can regrow from very small stolon fragments, and can grow across the crowns of larger plants.
Icerya purchasi, the "cottony cushion scale") is a scale insect that feeds on several ornamental species, but is most notoriously known as a pest of Citrus crops.
White scales, found on woody growth.
The presence of large numbers can weaken and even kill the host plant.
Originally from Australia, now present in many other regions.
Ilex crenata (Japanese Holly or Box-leaved Holly (Japanese: イヌツゲ inutsuge) is an evergreen shrub native to eastern China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and Sakhalin. Japanese Holly is grown as an ornamental plant for its dense evergreen foliage. It is superficially similar in appearance to box ("Buxus"), and is often used in similar situations; it can readily be distinguished from box by its alternate, not opposite, leaf arrangement.
It is an evergreen shrub or small tree growing to a height of 3–5 m (rarely 10 m) tall, with a trunk diameter up to 20 cm. The leaves are glossy dark green, small, 10–30 mm long and 10–17 mm broad, with a crenate margin, sometimes spiny. The flowers are dioecious, white, four-lobed. The fruit is a black drupe 5 mm diameter, containing four seeds. It grows well in acidic soil, between a pH of 3.7 and 6.0.
Grows best in part shade, but tolerates both deep shade (where it will have a looser habit) and full sun (though it can be susceptible to spider mites if in an exposed location). Like most hollies it prefers a deep, humus-rich, well-drained soil.
Numerous cultivars have been selected, including plants with the leaves variegated (e.g. 'Golden Gem', 'Shiro-Fukurin'), dark green (e.g. 'Green Lustre'), or greyish-green (e.g. 'Bad Zwischenahn'); with yellow fruit (e.g. 'Ivory Hall'); and with the habit erect (e.g. 'Chesapeake'), spreading (e.g. 'Green Island', 'Hetzii'), or dwarf (e.g. 'Mariesii', 'Stokes').
Often grown as hedges or topiaries.
Tolerates severe pruning and even coppicing.
Cultivars generally propagated through cuttings.
See "../Ilex/" for a list of pests and diseases affecting the genus.
Please Note: This index page is not up to date! See and its subcategories for a current list of book pages (there are hundreds). 
Installing a New Garden
Botanical Name : Ipomoea mauritiana Jacq.
Family : Convolvulaceae
Local Names
English : Jaint potato
Malayalam : Palmuthukku
Habit : Twining herbs
Habitat : Moist deciduous forests
Distribution : This species is native to Tropical America, now globally distributed in the Pantropics. Within India, it has been recorded in the moist tropical region. In Kerala, Kasargod, Cannanore, Wayanad, Calicut, Malappuram, Thrissur, Palghat, and Trivandrum districts; almost throughout the state.
Description : Perennial twining herbs with tuberous roots, up to 5 m high. Leaves: Simple, alternate, palmately lobed, broader than long acute or acuminate at apex. Flowers: Reddish purple or pink in many flowered, axillary, corymbosely paniculate cymes. Fruit: Capsules 4-loculed, 4valved, with persistent calyx. Seeds: Brownish-cottony and hairy.
Uses : The tuberous roots of the plant are brittle, mucilaginous and bitter to taste and they contain a resin which is medicinal as tonic, alterative, demulcent, lactagogue, cholagogue, etc. It is reported that dried and powdered roots of the plant are curative of spleen and liver complaints, debility, fat accumulation, and so on. The stem and leaves of the plant make fodder and the leaves also contain carotene at the rate of 6.3 mg/l00 gm.
Regeneration : Mainly by tuber.
Iris sibirica, the Siberian Iris, is a flowering plant, native to eastern and central Europe and northern Asia. It is grown for its showy flowers and good foliage, which is narrower and less coarse than many of the other "Iris" species.
Siberian iris is an herbaceous perennial plant growing to 50–120 cm tall. The leaves are glaucous green, narrow and fairly rigid, blade-shaped, 40–80 cm long and 2–4 cm broad. The flowers are typical of an iris, borne in late spring or early summer on unbranched or sparsely-branched stems held above the leaves, each flower 4–7 cm diameter. Flowers of the species are mid- to purple-blue, often with a paler whitish or yellowish centre, though cultivars are sometimes much paler or white.
This iris requires full sun and ample drainage. When planting, the roots should be slightly above the level of the surrounding soil (the exposed edges can be hidden with compost or mulch). They will appreciate composts, but nitrogenous fertilizers will encourage heavy vegetative growth and few flowers.
This plant will not flower in shady locations, and will die in deep shade.
There are several cultivars selected for flower color and form. Most cultivars of this species are likely hybrids with related species of "Iris".
In the garden, siberian iris is commonly grown as an accent plant for its showy flowers and tidy, erect form. The plants are often left up during the winter, as the foliage develops a good color, and the seed pods have ornamental interest.
The long-stemmed flowers are often harvested for the vase as a fresh flower. The seed pods are also used in winter arrangements.
After a few years growing in the garden, Siberian iris will develop a "hollow center", growing in a ring around the old roots. The foliage then begins to point outwards, losing some of its ornamental appeal. When the hollow center develops, simply dig up and divide the plant after flowering.
The foliage can be left up for winter interest, but as it begins growth early in the spring, it should be cut back in mid- to late winter.
This plant is easy to propagate through division, though the thick roots can be difficult to separate. An axe or mattock is recommended.
Cut flowers should be immediately placed in water.
Siberian iris has few serious pest and disease issues.
Iris is a genus of between 200-300 species of flowering plants with showy flowers which takes its name from the Greek word for a rainbow, referring to the wide variety of flower colours found among the many species. As well as being the scientific name, iris is also very widely used as a common name and refers to all "Iris" species as well as some closely related genera.
The genus is widely distributed throughout the north temperate zone. Their habitats are considerably varied, ranging from cold regions into the grassy slopes, meadowlands, stream banks and deserts of Europe, the Middle East and northern Africa, Asia and across North America.
They are perennial herbs, growing from creeping rhizomes (rhizomatous irises), or, in drier climates, from bulbs (bulbous irises). They have long, erect, flowering stems, which may be simple or branched, solid or hollow, and flattened or have a circular cross-section. The rhizomatous species usually have 3-10 basal, sword-shaped leaves growing in dense clumps. The bulbous species have cylindrical basal leaves.
The leaves are simple, narrow, 2-ranked, and flat with parallel veins. The leaves are actually folded over and fused, so that only the underside of the leaf is exposed. Sword shaped or linear.
The inflorescences are borne on stiff, pithy scapes, are fan-shaped and contain one or more symmetrical, six-lobed, slightly fragrant flowers. These grow on a pedicel or lack a footstalk. The three sepals are spreading or droop downwards. They expand from their narrow base into a broader limb (= expanded portion), often adorned with lines or dots. The three, sometimes reduced, petals stand upright, partly behind the sepal bases. Some smaller iris species have all six lobes pointing straight outwards. The sepals and the petals differ from each other. They are united at their base into a floral tube, that lies above the ovary. The styles divide towards the apex into petaloid branches (see pollination, below).
Irises come with their own lingo that describes the various forms of the flowers, falling into one of three categories. They appear to have 9 tepals, but in fact have only 6 (the other three are the style arms). The upright tepals are called standards, while the pendant ones are called falls.
The iris flower is of special interest as an example of the relation between flowering plants and pollinating insects. The shape of the flower and the position of the pollen-receiving and stigmatic surfaces on the outer petals form a landing-stage for a flying insect, which in probing the perianth for nectar, will first come in contact of perianth, three with the stigmatic stamens in one whorl surface which is borne and an ovary formed of three carpels. The shelf-like transverse projection on the inner whorl under side of the stamens, which is beneath the over-arching style arm below the stigma, so that the insect comes in contact with its pollen-covered surface only after passing the stigma, while in backing out of the flower it will come in contact only with the non-receptive lower face of the stigma. Thus, an insect bearing pollen from one flower, will in entering a second, deposit the pollen on the stigma, while in backing out of a flower, the pollen which it bears will not be rubbed off on the stigma of the same flower.
The fruits are 3-celled capsules, 3 or 6 angled, opening on 3 valves, leathery, smooth, ribed, or bumpy, persisting often past the winter.
Up to 300 species have been placed in the genus Iris. Modern classifications, starting with W. R. Dykes' 1913 book, have subdivided them. Dykes referred to the major subgroupings as sections, but later authors have generally called them subgenera, while essentially retaining his groupings. Like some older sources, the influential classification by G. I. Rodionenko removed some groups (particularly the bulbous irises) to separate genera, but even if this is done the genus remains large and several subgenera, sections and/or subsections are recognised within it.
For horticultural purposes, the Irises are divided into the bulbous and rhizomatous species, and the Iris flowers fall into one of three classifications:
“Bearded Iris” has a pattern of hairs (the beard) in a differently colored patch is showy on the basal half or the falls.
“Unbearded Iris” has a differently colored patch (the signal) is showy on the basal half of the falls.
“Crested Iris” has a differently colored patch with a prominently raised hairy midrib (the crest) which is showy on the falls.
Primarily grown for their flowers, though some are also grown for their clean, upright foliage. Often grown for cut flowers as well.
Rhizomes of the bearded iris are the source of orris root and are used in perfume and medicine, though more common in ancient times than today. Today Iris essential oil (absolute) from flowers are sometimes used in Aromatherapy as sedative medicines. The dried rhizomes are also given whole to babies to help in teething.
For making perfumes, the rhizomes are harvested, dried, and aged for up to 5 years. In this time, the fats and oils inside the roots undergo degradation and oxidation, which produces many fragrant compounds that are invaluable in perfumery. The scent is said to be similar to violets. The aged rhizomes are steamed distilled which produces a thick oily compound, known in the perfume industry as iris butter.
Rhizomatous irises need to be divided every few years, as the centers die out after a time, leaving only a "ring" of foliage and flowers around the edge of the dead center. Planting depth is important, as the rhizomes do not tolerate being buried.
Voles can cause serious damage, particularly during the winter, so monitor carefully during the winter months.
Iris foliage emerges very early, so the previous year's foliage should be cut back before thaw when possible.
Division is the most common form of propagation.
Iris
Irrigation is the artificial application of water to the soil in order ensure an adequate supply of water for plants. In crop production it is mainly used to replace missing rainfall in periods of drought, but also to protect plants against frost.
Additionally irrigation helps to suppress weed growing in rice fields.
In contrast, agriculture that relies only on direct rainfall is sometimes referred to as dryland farming or as rain fed farming.
Irrigation is an ancient practice, with archaeological evidence of irrigation in Mesopotamia and Egypt as far back as the 6th millennium BCE, where barley was grown in areas where the natural rainfall was insufficient to support such a crop. In the western hemisphere archaeologists have found irrigation canals in the Zana Valley of the Andes Mountains in Peru from as far back as the 4th millennium BCE. The Indus Valley Civilization in Pakistan and northern India (from circa 2600 BCE) also had an early canal irrigation system (from circa 2600 BCE). Large scale agriculture was practiced and an extensive network of canals was used for the purpose of irrigation. Sophisticated irrigation and storage systems were developed, including the reservoirs built at Girnar in 3000 BCE.
There is evidence of the ancient Egyptian pharaoh Amenemhet III in the twelfth dynasty (about 1800 BCE) using the natural lake of the Faiyum Oasis as a reservoir to store surpluses of water for use during the dry seasons, as the lake swelled annually as caused by the annual flooding of the Nile.
The Qanats, developed in ancient Persia in about 800 BCE, are among the oldest known irrigation methods still in use today. They are now found in Asia, the middle east and north Africa. The system comprises a network of vertical wells and gently sloping tunnels driven into the sides of cliffs and steep hills to tap groundwater. The noria, a water wheel with clay pots around the rim powered by the flow of the stream (or by animals where the water source was still), was first brought into use at about this time, by Roman settlers in North Africa. By 150 BCE the pots were fitted with valves to allow smoother filling as they were forced into the water.
The irrigation works of ancient Sri Lanka, the earliest dating from about 300 BCE, in the reign of King Pandukabhaya and under continuous development for the next thousand years, were one of the most complex irrigation systems of the ancient world. In addition to underground canals, the Sinhalese were the first to build completely artificial reservoirs to store water. The system was extensively restored and further extended during the reign of King Parakrama Bahu (1153–1186 CE).
The oldest known hydraulic engineers of China were Sunshu Ao (6th century BCE) of the Spring and Autumn Period and Ximen Bao (5th century BCE) of the Warring States period, both of whom worked on large irrigation projects. In the Szechwan region belonging to the State of Qin of ancient China, the Dujiangyan Irrigation System was built in 256 BCE to irrigate an enormous area of farmland that today still supplies water. By the 1st century AD, during the Han Dynasty, the Chinese also used chain pumps that lifted water from lower elevation to higher elevation. These were powered by manual foot pedal, hydraulic waterwheels, or rotating mechanical wheels pulled by oxen. The water was used for public works of providing water for urban residential quarters and palace gardens, but mostly for irrigation of farmland canals and channels in the fields.
In fifteenth century Korea the world's first water gauge, "woo ryang gyae" (Korean: 우량계), was discovered in 1441 CE. The inventor was Jang Young Sil, a Korean engineer of the Choson Dynasty, under the active direction of the King, Se Jong. It was installed in irrigation tanks as part of a nationwide system to measure and collect rainfall for agricultural applications. With this instrument, planners and farmers could make better use of the information gathered in the survey.
By the middle of the 20th century, the advent of diesel and electric motors led for the first time to systems that could pump groundwater out of major aquifers faster than it was recharged. This can lead to permanent loss of aquifer capacity, decreased water quality, ground subsidence, and other problems. The future of food production in such areas as the North China Plain, the Punjab, and the Great Plains of the US is threatened.
Various types of irrigation techniques differ in how the water obtained from the source is distributed within the field. In general, the goal is to supply the entire field uniformly with water, so that each plant has the amount of water it needs, neither too much nor too little.
In surface irrigation systems water moves over and across the land by simple gravity flow in order to wet it and to infiltrate into the soil. Surface irrigation can be subdivided into furrow, borderstrip or basin irrigation. It is often called flood irrigation when the irrigation results in flooding or near flooding of the cultivated land. Historically, this has been the most common method of irrigating agricultural land.
Where water levels from the irrigation source permit, the levels are controlled by dikes, usually plugged by soil. This is often seen in terraced rice fields (rice paddies), where the method is used to flood or control the level of water in each distinct field. In some cases, the water is pumped, or lifted by human or animal power to the level of the land.
Localized irrigation is a system where water is distributed under low pressure through a piped network, in a pre-determined pattern, and applied as a small discharge to each plant or adjacent to it. Drip irrigation, spray or micro-sprinkler irrigation and bubbler irrigation belong to this category of irrigation methods.
Water is delivered at or near the root zone of plants, drop by drop. This type of system can be the most water-efficient method of irrigation, if managed properly, since evaporation and runoff are minimized. In modern agriculture, drip irrigation is often combined with plastic mulch, further reducing evaporation, and is also the means of delivery of fertilizer. The process is known as w:fertigation.
Deep percolation, where water moves below the root zone, can occur if a drip system is operated for too long of a duration or if the delivery rate is too high. Drip irrigation methods range from very high-tech and computerized to low-tech and relatively labor-intensive. Lower water pressures are usually needed than for most other types of systems, with the exception of low energy center pivot systems and surface irrigation systems, and the system can be designed for uniformity throughout a field or for precise water delivery to individual plants in a landscape containing a mix of plant species. Although it is difficult to regulate pressure on steep slopes, pressure compensating emitters are available, so the field does not have to be level. High-tech solutions involve precisely calibrated emitters located along lines of tubing that extend from a computerized set of valves. Both pressure regulation and filtration to remove particles are important. The tubes are usually black (or buried under soil or mulch) to prevent the growth of algae and to protect the polyethylene from degradation due to ultraviolet light. But drip irrigation can also be as low-tech as a porous clay vessel sunk into the soil and occasionally filled from a hose or bucket. Subsurface drip irrigation has been used successfully on lawns, but it is more expensive than a more traditional sprinkler system. Surface drip systems are not cost-effective (or aesthetically pleasing) for lawns and golf courses. Netafim,Jain Irrigation Systems, Chapin Watermatics, Eurodrip, Plastro Irrigation Systems are major manufacturer of Drip Irrigation Systems. In the past one of the main disadvantages of the subsurface drip irrigation (SDI) systems, when used for turf, was the fact of having to install the plastic lines very close to each other in the ground, therefore disrupting the turfgrass area. Recent technology developments on drip installers like the drip installer at New Mexico State University Arrow Head Center, places the line underground and covers the slit leaving no soil exposed.
In sprinkler or overhead irrigation, water is piped to one or more central locations within the field and distributed by overhead high-pressure sprinklers or guns. A system utilizing sprinklers, sprays, or guns mounted overhead on permanently installed risers is often referred to as a "solid-set" irrigation system. Higher pressure sprinklers that rotate are called "rotors" and are driven by a ball drive, gear drive, or impact mechanism. Rotors can be designed to rotate in a full or partial circle. Guns are similar to rotors, except that they generally operate at very high pressures of 40 to 130 lbf/in² (275 to 900 kPa) and flows of 50 to 1200 US gal/min (3 to 76 L/s), usually with nozzle diameters in the range of 0.5 to 1.9 inches (10 to 50 mm). Guns are used not only for irrigation, but also for industrial applications such as dust suppression and logging.
Sprinklers may also be mounted on moving platforms connected to the water source by a hose. Automatically moving wheeled systems known as "traveling sprinklers" may irrigate areas such as small farms, sports fields, parks, pastures, and cemeteries unattended. Most of these utilize a length of polyethylene tubing wound on a steel drum. As the tubing is wound on the drum powered by the irrigation water or a small gas engine, the sprinkler is pulled across the field. When the sprinkler arrives back at the reel the system shuts off. This type of system is known to most people as a "waterreel" traveling irrigation sprinkler and they are used extensively for dust suppression, irrigation, and land application of waste water.
Other travelers use a flat rubber hose that is dragged along behind while the sprinkler platform is pulled by a cable. These cable-type travelers are definitely old technology and their use is limited in today's modern irrigation projects.
Center pivot irrigation is a form of sprinkler irrigation consisting of several segments of pipe (usually galvanized steel or aluminum) joined together and supported by trusses, mounted on wheeled towers with sprinklers positioned along its length. The system moves in a circular pattern and is fed with water from the pivot point at the center of the arc. These systems are common in parts of the United States where terrain is flat.
Most center pivot systems now have drops hanging from a u-shaped pipe called a "gooseneck" attached at the top of the pipe with sprinkler heads that are positioned a few feet (at most) above the crop, thus limiting evaporative losses. Drops can also be used with drag hoses or bubbler's that deposit the water directly on the ground between crops. The crops are planted in a circle to conform to the center pivot. This type of system is known as LEPA (Low Energy Precision Application). Originally, most center pivots were water powered. These were replaced by hydraulic systems ("T-L Irrigation") and electric motor driven systems ("Lindsay", "Reinke", "Valley", "Zimmatic"). Most systems today are driven by an electric motor mounted low on each span. This drives a reduction gearbox and transverse driveshafts transmit power to another reduction gearbox mounted behind each wheel. Precision controls, some with GPS location and remote computer monitoring, are now available.
A series of pipes, each with a wheel of about 1.5 m diameter permanently affixed to its midpoint and sprinklers along its length, are coupled together at one edge of a field. Water is supplied at one end using a large hose. After sufficient water has been applied, the hose is removed and the remaining assembly rotated either by hand or with a purpose-built mechanism, so that the sprinklers move 10 m across the field. The hose is reconnected. The process is repeated until the opposite edge of the field is reached.
This system is less expensive to install than a center pivot, but much more labor intensive to operate, and it is limited in the amount of water it can carry. Most systems utilize 4 or 5 inch diameter aluminum pipe. One feature of a lateral move system is that it consists of sections that can be easily disconnected. They are most often used for small or oddly-shaped fields, such as those found in hilly or mountainous regions, or in regions where labor is inexpensive.
Sub-irrigation also sometimes called "seepage irrigation" has been used for many years in field crops in areas with high water tables. It is a method of artificially raising the water table to allow the soil to be moistened from below the plants' root zone. Often those systems are located on permanent grasslands in lowlands or river valleys and combined with drainage infrastructure. A system of pumping stations, canals, weirs and gates allows it to increase or decrease the water level in a network of ditches and the control the water table thereby.
Sub-irrigation is also used in commercial greenhouse production, usually for potted plants. Water is delivered from below, absorbed upwards, and the excess collected for recycling. Typically, a solution of water and nutrients floods a container or flows through a trough for a short period of time, 10–20 minutes, and is then pumped back into a holding tank for reuse. Sub-irrigation in greenhouses requires fairly sophisticated, expensive equipment and management. Advantages are water and nutrient conservation, and labor-saving through lowered system maintenance and automation. It is similar in principle and action to subsurface drip irrigation.
These systems have low requirements for infrastructure and technical equipment but need high labor inputs. Irrigation using watering cans is to be found for example in peri-urban agriculture around large cities in some African countries.
Sources of irrigation water can be groundwater extracted from springs or by using wells, surface water withdrawn from rivers, lakes or reservoirs or non-conventional sources like treated wastewater, desalinated water or drainage water. A special form of irrigation using surface water is spate irrigation, also called floodwater harvesting. In case of a flood (spate) water is diverted to normally dry river beds (wadi’s) using a network of dams, gates and channels and spread over large areas. The moisture stored in the soil will be used thereafter to grow crops. Spate irrigation areas are in particular located in semi-arid or arid, mountainous regions. While floodwater harvesting belongs to the accepted irrigation methods, rainwater harvesting is usually not considered as a form of irrigation. Rainwater harvesting is the collection of runoff water from roofs or unused land and the concentration of this water on cultivated land. Therefore this method is considered as a water concentration method.
Most commercial and residential irrigation systems are "in ground" systems, which means that everything is buried in the ground. With the pipes, sprinklers, and irrigation valves being hidden, it makes for a cleaner, more presentable landscape without garden hoses or other items having to be moved around manually.
The beginning of a sprinkler system is the water source. This is usually a tap into an existing (city) water line or a pump that pulls water out of a well or a pond. The water travels through pipes from the water source through the valves to the sprinklers. The pipes from the water source up to the irrigation valves are called "mainlines", and the lines from the valves to the sprinklers are called "lateral lines". Most piping used in irrigation systems today are HDPE and MDPE or PVC or PEX plastic pressure pipes due to their ease of installation and resistance to corrosion. After the water source, the water usually travels through a back flow prevention device. This prevents water in the irrigation lines from being pulled back into and contaminating the clean water supply.
Most Irrigation systems are divided into zones. A zone is a single Irrigation Valve and one or a group of sprinklers that are connected by pipes. Irrigation Systems are divided into zones because there is usually not enough pressure and available flow to run sprinklers for an entire yard or sports field at once. Each zone has a solenoid valve on it that is controlled via wire by an Irrigation Controller. The Irrigation Controller is either a mechanical or electrical device that signals a zone to turn on at a specific time and keeps it on for a specified amount of time. "Smart Controller" is a recent term used to describe a controller that is capable of adjusting the watering time by itself in response to current environmental conditions. The smart controller determines current conditions by means of historic weather data for the local area, a moisture sensor (water potential or water content), weather station, or a combination of these.
When a zone comes on, the water flows through the lateral lines and ultimately ends up at the irrigation sprinkler heads. Most sprinklers have pipe thread inlets on the bottom of them which allows a fitting and the pipe to be attached to them. The sprinklers are usually installed with the top of the head flush with the ground surface. When the water is pressurized, the head will pop up out of the ground and water the desired area until the valve closes and shuts off that zone. Once there is no more water pressure in the lateral line, the sprinkler head will retract back into the ground.
Irrigation
The Black Walnut or American Walnut ("Juglans nigra" L.) is a native of eastern North America, where it grows, mostly alongside rivers, from southern Ontario to southeast South Dakota, and from to Georgia to central Texas. It is seen both as a valuable tree and a serious landscape problem because it produces an allelopathic substance called juglone that interferes with the healthy development of other plants, causing wilting and yellowing of the foliage or in many cases death.
The Black Walnut is a large deciduous tree attaining heights of 30–40 metres (100–130 feet). Under forest competition it develops a tall, clear bole, while the open-grown form has a short bole and broad crown with large, wide-spreading branches. The bark is grey-black and deeply furrowed. The pith of the twigs contains air spaces. The leaves are alternate, 30–60 cm long, odd-pinnate with 15–23 leaflets, the largest leaflets located in the centre, 7–10 cm long and 2–3 cm broad. The male flowers are in drooping catkins 8–10 cm long, the female flowers terminal, in clusters of two to five, ripening in the autumn into a fruit with a brownish-green, semi-fleshy husk and a brown corrugated nut. The whole fruit, including the husk, falls from early to late autumn. The nut itself is dense and very hard.
Black walnuts grow in both mature forests and open areas, though more common in the latter because the seedlings are not shade tolerant. They are frequently found in groves, and are often found in association with Black Raspberries, which seem to thrive under the canopy of black walnuts.
The ellelopathic chemical juglone is a very serious issue in the garden, as it suppresses or kills many garden plants, including most lawn grasses (though bluegrass is unaffected). See on Wikiversity for materials related to juglone in the landscape.
While rarely planted due to its various problems, black walnuts do provide a nice dappled shade during the summer, have a good branch structure, and of course provide nuts. However, the tree has serious liabilities such as a very late leaf-out in spring, early leaf drop in autumn with little or no fall color, and the large, heavy nuts are actually quite hazardous to anyone underneath them both when they are ripe and on windy days in summer.
Black walnuts are tough trees that usually have few needs, though some trees can be prone to wind damage. The most serious maintenance concern is the nuts, which not only are difficult to pick up, but also pose a hazard to anyone below the trees when they are ripe, to the point that helmets should be worn when working under them from early autumn until the last nuts come down in early winter. The branches are quite strong and heavy, making them easy to climb in, however the rough bark easily snags ropes and throw lines.
The extraction of the kernel from the fruit of the Black Walnut is difficult. The shell is covered by a thick, indehiscent husk that exudes a dark, staining, strong-smelling juice. Once the husk is removed, the nut itself poses an additional challenge because it is quite literally a hard nut to crack.
The husk is best removed when green, as the nuts taste better if it is removed then. Several methods are used:
After the husks are removed, the nuts should be stored in a dry place for at least two weeks to cure. Traditionally they are hung up in bags or baskets to provide better air circulation and prevent molds.
After curing, the nuts can be cracked with a hammer, axe, or a heavy nut-cracker (screw types work better than squeeze types due to the strength of the shell). The meat can then either be roasted or salted for long-term storage.
Black Walnut is highly prized for its dark-colored true heartwood. It is heavy and strong, yet easily split and worked. Walnut wood has historically been used for gunstocks, furniture, flooring, coffins, and a variety of other woodworking products. It is so valuable that so-called "Walnut Rustlers" have been known to harvest it illegally by posing as forestry officials, cutting trees during the night, and even using helicopters to take them away quickly; such overharvesting has greatly reduced its numbers and range since colonial times.
Landscape trees can sometimes be sold for the lumber, as long as the branches begin fairly high off the ground and the trunk is quite thick, since the outer, light-colored wood is not valuable as lumber (but makes very good firewood).
Black walnuts rarely succumb to pests and diseases unless otherwise weakened, but otherwise can be affected by the same problems as the English walnut ("../Juglans regia/"). The most common aesthetic problem is the fall webworm ("../Hyphantria cunea/").
Lactuca, commonly known as lettuce, is a genus of flowering plants in the Sunflower family Asteraceae. The genus includes about 100 species, distributed worldwide, but mainly in temperate Eurasia.
Its best-known representative is the garden lettuce ("Lactuca sativa"), with its many varieties. But many are just common weeds. They are annuals or perennials. Their height can vary between 10–180 cm. They form heads or capitula in panicles of yellow, brown or purple flowers in ray florets.
The non-edible species may contain bitter elements. Others contain a milky juice.
The garden lettuce is grown as a salad green, other species occur as weeds.
Lactuca
Lamiaceae, or the Mint family, is a family of plants in about 210 genera and some 3,500 species. It has been considered closely related to Verbenaceae but several recent phylogenetic studies have shown that numererous genera classified in Verbenaceae belong instead in Lamiaceae, whereas the core genera of Verbenaceae are not closely related to Lamiaceae and are more closely related to other members of the Lamiales.
The plants are frequently aromatic in all parts and include many widely used culinary herbs, such as basil, mint, rosemary, sage, savory, marjoram, oregano, thyme, lavender, and perilla. Some are shrubs, but rarely trees or vines. Many members of the family are widely cultivated, owing not only to their aromatic qualities but also their ease of cultivation: these plants are among the easiest plants to propagate by stem cuttings.
The original family name is "Labiatae", so given because the flowers typically have petals fused into an upper lip and a lower lip (labia). Although this is still considered an acceptable alternate name, most botanists now use the name "Lamiaceae" in referring to this family.
The leaves contain aromatic essential oils and emerge oppositely, each pair at right angles to the previous one (called "decussate") or whorled.
The stems are frequently square in cross section, but this is not found in all members of the family, and is sometimes found in other plant families.
The flowers are bilaterally symmetrical with 5 united petals, 5 united sepals. They are usually bisexual and verticillastrate (a flower cluster that looks like a whorl of flowers but actually consists of two crowded clusters).
Most members of this family are high-quality nectar sources, attracting both insects and hummingbirds.
Henbit Deadnettle ("Lamium amplexicaule") is a species of "Lamium" native to Europe, western Asia and northern Africa.
It is a low-growing annual plant growing to 10–25 cm tall, with soft, finely hairy stems. The leaves are opposite, round, 2–3 cm diameter, with a lobed margin. The flowers are pink to purple, 1.5–2 cm long.
It flowers very early in the spring even in northern areas, and for most of the winter and the early spring in warmer areas such as the Mediterranean region. It propagates freely by seed and is regarded as a minor weed. Sometimes entire fields will be reddish-purple with its flowers before spring ploughing.
It is widely naturalised in eastern North America and elsewhere, where it is considered to be an invasive weed.
Where common, is an important nectar and pollen plant for bees, especially honeybees, where it helps start the spring buildup.
Lawn Mowers
Lawn Plants
The quest for a beautiful lawn is a well-tread path, and there are a great many techniques and tricks that can be used to make it easier.
Lawns
Layering is a means of plant propagation in which a portion of an above-ground stem grows roots while still attached to the parent plant and then detaches as an independent plant. Layering has evolved as a common means of vegetative propagation of numerous species in natural environments. Layering is also utilized by horticulturists to propagate desirable plants.
Natural layering typically occurs when a branch touches the ground, whereupon it produces adventitious roots. At a later stage the connection with the parent plant is severed and a new plant is produced as a result. 
The horticultural layering process typically involves wounding the target region to expose the inner stem and optionally applying rooting compounds. In ground layering, the stem is bent down and the target region buried in the soil. This is done in plant nurseries in imitation of natural layering by many plants such as brambles which bow over and touch the tip on the ground, at which point it grows roots and, when separated, can continue as a separate plant. In either case, the rooting process may take from several weeks to a year.
Layering is more complicated than taking cuttings, but has the advantage that the propagated portion can continue to receive water and nutrients from the parent plant while it is forming roots. This is important for plants that form roots slowly, or for propagating large pieces.
Ground layering is the typical propagation technique for the popular Malling-Merton series of clonal apple rootstocks in which the original plants are set in the ground with the stem nearly horizontal, which forces side buds to grow upward. After these are started the original stem is buried up to the tip. At the end of the growing season, the side branches will have rooted, and can be separated while the plant is dormant. Some of these will be used for grafting rootstocks, and some can be reused in the nursery for the next growing season's crop.
In air layering (or marcotting), the target region is wounded and then surrounded in a moisture-retaining wrapper such as sphagnum moss, which is further surrounded in a moisture barrier such as polyethylene film. Rooting hormone is often applied to encourage the wounded region to grow roots. When sufficient roots have grown from the wound, the stem from the parent plant is removed and planted.
Laying Out a Garden Bed
/Procedure/
/Possible problems/
/Some gels, and powders/
/Hydroponic cloning systems/
Leaf Spots are circular lesions found on the leaves of plants, caused by either bacteria of fungi.
Initial infections are small, circular spots, usually with a differently colored zone on the outer edge. Severe cases cause distorted leaves or blight.
Spores or bacteria overwinter on fallen leaves or buds. Growth is favored by moist conditions on the leaf surface.
Most of the pathogens are quite selective.
Leaf vegetables and grown for their edible foliage. Most are picked young, so successive plantings are often used to extend the season.
Outline:
Leaf vegetable plants:
Leaf Vegetables
European Fruit Lecanium Scale ("Parthenolecanium corni", but often referred to as "Lecanium corni"), is a common pest affecting several genera of woody plants, including both food crops and ornamentals. Other common names include: brown apricot scale, brown elm scale, brown fruit scale, brown scale, European fruit scale, New York plum scale, peach scale, and yew scale.
The scales are small, and dark brown, generally in large colonies.
Heavy infestations lead to weakening of the plant and dieback
The order Lepidoptera is the second largest order of insects and includes the butterflies, skippers, and moths. Members of the order are referred to as lepidopterans, and a person who collects or studies this order is referred to as a Lepidopterist. The order has more than 180,000 species in 127 families and 46 superfamilies. It is second only to Coleoptera (the beetles) in the number of described species. The word "lepidoptera" means "scaly-wing", from the ancient Greek words "lepidos" and "pteron".
Lepidopterans undergo complete metamorphosis going through a four-stage life cycle of egg - larva / caterpillar - pupa/chrysalis -imago/adult. The larvae have a toughened (sclerotized) head capsule, chewing mouthparts, and a soft body, that may have hair-like or other projections, 3 pairs of true legs, and additional prolegs (up to 5 pairs). They can be confused with the larvae of sawflies. Lepidopteran larvae can be differentiated by the presence of crochets on the prolegs which are absent in the Symphyta (sawflies). Most caterpillars are herbivores, but a few are carnivores (some eat ants or other caterpillars) and detritivores (Dugdale, 1996).
Adults have two pairs of membranous wings covered, usually completely, by minute scales. In some species, wings are reduced or absent (often in the female but not the male). Antennae are prominent. In moths, males frequently have more feathery antennae than females, for detecting the female pheromones at a distance. Adult mouth parts, called a proboscis, are adapted for sucking nectar. Some species have reduced mouthparts (some species do not feed as adults), and others have them modified to pierce and suck blood or fruit juices (some Noctuids) (Scoble, 1992).
There are about 130 families in this order with variations depending on the taxonomic treatment (see the family template box at the bottom of this section).
The Lepidoptera are divided into several suborders, the largest being ../Ditrysia/.
Several other classifications of lepidopteran families are used in older literature. These include the ../Rhopalocera/ (club-horned) consisting of what are commonly called butterflies and the ../Heterocera/ (varied-horned) consisting of the moths. These categories are however, not valid taxonomic groups.
Another non-standard classification separates the Lepidoptera into ../Microlepidoptera/ for the smaller species (mostly moths) and ../Macrolepidoptera/ for the larger species.
Butterflies
Moths
Lepidosaphes ulmi also known as oystershell scale are ../Scale Insects/ that is a pest on woody plants. The small insects attach themselves to bark and cause injury by sucking the tree's sap, this metabolic drain on the plant may kill a branch or the entire tree.
White scales.
Scales are clearly visible.
Lettuce is a temperate annual or biennial, grown as a leaf vegetable. In Western countries, it is typically eaten cold and raw, but in other places such as China, lettuce is typically eaten cooked and the uses of the stem are as important as use of the leaf.
The lettuce plant develops as a rosette, but when it blooms, the stem lengthens and branches, and it produces many flower heads that look like those of dandelions, but smaller. This is called bolting. When grown to eat, lettuce is harvested before it bolts.
Lettuces are generally considered a cool season crop, but can be grown to a young stage in summer if given some protection from the sun. They can also be grown in cold or hot frames through the winter in most temperate climates.
Lettuces do best in a rich, fast-draining soil. Adequate and consistent watering is required for good growth and taste.
Seeds can be sown in situ or in flats throughout the year, but seeds will not germinate at temperatures above 25C. Plants can be started in a cool area for summer plantings, but will require some shelter from sun and heat in warm climates.
When starting in flats, sow 2 seeds in each cell, using small cells if planting out, large cells if growing in the flats for a bench crop. Thin to one plant per cell once germination takes place, planting out as soon as the roots reach the wall.
There are six commonly recognised cultivar groups of lettuce which are ordered here by head formation and leaf structure. There are hundreds of cultivars of lettuce selected for leaf shape and colour, as well as extended field and shelf life, within each of these cultivar groups:
Some lettuces (especially iceberg) have been specifically bred to remove the bitterness from their leaves. These lettuces have a high water content with very little nutrient value. The more bitter lettuces and the ones with pigmented leaves contain antioxidants.
The wild predecessor of our modern lettuce, "../Lactuca serriola/", can still be seen all over Europe and the more temperate parts of Asia. It is likely that it originated on the Mediterranean rim on rocky wasteland or woodland clearings. This ancient wild relative of the modern lettuce contains lactucarium, a narcotic similar to opium. The Ancient Romans took advantage of this property by eating lettuce at the end of a meal to induce sleep.
In earlier times the Egyptians held a similar view of the lettuce. However, as well as a hypnotic or an aid to sleep, the plant was also linked with male virility. It is thought these Egyptian plants were closely linked with the modern day Cos lettuce and could have originated on the Turkish coast opposite the island of Kos.
It is certain that these ancient civilizations saw the plant as both an appetite stimulant and an aid to sleep. In ancient Greece this led to confusion whether to eat the plant at the beginning or the end of a meal. The physician Galen, from Pergamon, would eat the plant to allow restful sleep and allow him to study without 'mental churnings' the following day. Somewhat contrary to this, a century earlier, Rufus of Ephesos declared the opposite; claiming lettuce 'fogged the memory and prevented clear thought'.
Lettuces can be planted out as soon as the soil is workable. If sowing directly into the garden, make sure the bed is as weed-free as possible. If there are weed issues, it may be better to plant first in flats, then transplant to the field once the plants are large enough to be easily distinguished from weed seedlings.
Lettuces may "bolt" (send up a flower stalk) in hot weather. The foliage becomes bitter when the plant bolts.
Monitor for slugs, keep thinned to ensure good air circulation.
Lettuces are propagated by seed only. Lettuces are mostly self-fertile (except for F1 hybrids, etc.), and often come true from seed.
Harvest any time before bolting. Harvested leaves and heads should be chilled by dipping them in ice water, then kept refrigerated until ready to use.
Slugs and snails can be a serious problem.
The oxeye daisy ("Leucanthemum vulgare", syn. "Chrysanthemum leucanthemum") also known as the marguerite is a widespread flowering plant native to Europe and the temperate regions of Asia. It is one of a number of plants to be called by the common name daisy. It is also sometimes called moon daisy or dog daisy.
It is a perennial prostrate herb with small flower head (not larger than 5 cm) that consists of about 20 white ray flowers and numerous yellow disc flowers, growing on the end of the stem. The stem is mostly unbranched and sprouts laterally from a creeping rootstock.
The leaves are darkgreen on both sides. The basal and middle leaves are petiolate, obovate to spoon-shaped, and serrate to dentate. The upper leaves are shorter, sessile and borne along the stem.
It produces an abundant number of flat seeds without pappus. It spreads also vegetatively by rooting underground stems.
The oxeye daisy is a typical meadow flower, growing in a variety of plant communities such as dry fields, meadows, but also under scrubs, open-canopy forests and waste places. It thrives in a wide range of conditions and prefers heavy and damp soils. It was introduced in parts of North America, Australia and New Zealand, where it is now a common weed displacing native plant species in some areas. It is difficult to control or eradicate, since a new plant can regenerate from rhizome fragments. However, in North Carolina it is planted on roadsides by the highway department.
The un-opened buds can be marinated and used in a similar way to capers. The game "He loves me, he loves me not" ("effeuiller la marguerite" (in French)) is associated with this flower.
Lichen are mostly used to add a feeling of age to a place (because of how slowly they grow), and are an indicator of clean air (because they are vulnerable to air pollution). They can also add gentle or striking colors in unlikely places.
They are particularly well-suited to:
Because lichen can survive for long periods without water, they are well-suited to xeriscaping.
How to grow lichen: if an environment is conducive to lichen, it will eventually grow. If it is not, then it is difficult to force it. Naturally, it will grow very slowly, on the order of millimeters per year, but with nutrients it can grow much faster – you don’t need to wait centuries to have lichen-covered walls.
If there is lichen in the area, or you have reason to think that it could grow (say, it used to grow), you can encourage the grow as follows:
Specific recipes:
Linaria vulgaris (Common Toadflax) is a low growing plant native to most of Europe and northern Asia, from the United Kingdom south to Spain in the west, and east to eastern Siberia and western China.
"Linaria acutiloba" Fisch. ex Rchb. is a synonym. Because this plant grows as a weed, it has acquired a large number of local colloquial names, including brideweed, bridewort, butter and eggs (but see "../Lotus corniculatus/"), butter haycocks, bread and butter, bunny haycocks, bunny mouths, calf's snout, Continental weed, dead men's bones, devil's flax, devil's flower, doggies, dragon bushes, eggs and bacon (but see "../Lotus corniculatus/"), eggs and butter, false flax, flaxweed, fluellen (but see "../Kichxia/"), gallweed, gallwort, imprudent lawyer, impudent lawyer, Jacob's ladder (but see "../Polemonium/"), lion's mouth, monkey flower (but see "../Mimulus/"), North American ramsted, rabbit flower, rancid, ransted, snapdragon (but see "../Antirrhinum/"), wild flax, wild snapdragon, wild tobacco (but see "Nicotiana"), yellow rod, yellow toadflax.
The plant is widespread on ruderal spots, along roads, in dunes, and on disturbed and cultivated land. It has escaped from cultivation in North America where it is a common naturalised weed of roadsides and poor soils; it is listed as an invasive species in several U.S. states and Canadian provinces.
It is a perennial plant with short spreading roots, erect to decumbent stems 15–90 cm high, with fine, threadlike, glaucous blue-green leaves 2–6 cm long and 1–5 mm broad. The flowers are similar to those of the snapdragon, 25–33 mm long, pale yellow except for the lower lip which is orange, borne in dense terminal racemes from mid summer to mid autumn. The fruit is a globose capsule 5–11 mm long and 5–7 mm broad, containing numerous small seeds.
Because the flower is largely closed by its underlip, pollination requires strong insects such as bees and bumblebees ("../Bombus/" species).
The plant requires ample drainage, but is otherwise adaptable to a variety of conditions.
While most commonly found as a weed, toadflax is sometimes cultivated for cut flowers, which are long-lasting in the vase. Like snapdragons ("../Antirrhinum/"), they are often grown in children's gardens for the "snapping" flowers which can be made to "talk" be squeezing them at the base of the corolla.
The plant is foodplant for a large number of insects such as the w:Sweet-Gale Moth ("Acronicta euphorbiae"), w:Mouse Moth ("Amphipyra tragopoginis"), w:Silver Y ("Autographa gamma"), "w:Calophasia lunula", w:Gorgone Checkerspot ("Charidryas gorgone carlota"), w:Toadflax Pug ("Eupithecia linariata"), w:Satyr Pug ("Eupithecia satyrata"), "w:Falseuncaria ruficiliana", w:Bog Fritillary ("Proclossiana eunomia eunomia"), "w:Pyrrhia umbra", w:Brown Rustic ("Rusina ferruginea"), and "w:Stenoptilia bipunctidactyla.
Liriomyza trifolii is a Pest of greenhouses and warm climates, though it may seasonally escape in cooler climates. It is a ../Leaf Miner/ of many cultivated and weedy species.
A small yellow fly as an adult, a leaf-mining maggot as a larva.
Mining of leaves, eventually causing leaf drop.
This insect has been spreading throughout the world over the past decades, believed to be transported on florist's materials.
This is a list of sources that provide good information for gardening topics.
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
</nowiki>
The Japanese Honeysuckle ("Lonicera japonica"; Suikazura 水鬘 or スイカズラ in Japanese) is a species of honeysuckle native to eastern Asia including Japan, Korea, northern and eastern China, and Taiwan.
It is a twining vine able to climb to 10 m high or more in trees, with opposite, simple oval leaves 3–8 cm long and 2–3 cm broad. The flowers are double tongued, white to yellow, and sweetly scented. The fruit is a globose dark blue berry 5–8 mm diameter containing numerous seeds.
Japanese Honeysuckle has become an invasive exotic weed in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, New Zealand and much of the United States, including Hawaii, as well as a number of Pacific and Caribbean islands. It is classified as a noxious weed in several US states, including Illinois and Virginia. It has done severe damage to eastern American woodlands, often forming vast colonies on forest floors that displace virtually all native ground plants, and climbing into trees and shrubs and severely weakening and even killing them by cutting off sap flow and shading their leaves. Scientists and conservationists have suspected for some time now that it releases allelopathic chemicals into the ground, inhibiting the growth of other plants .
Nonetheless, this species is still sold by American nurseries, often as the cultivar 'Hall's Prolific'. It is an effective groundcover, and does have pleasant, strong-smelling flowers, but the damage it does far outweighs any positive qualities. The only invasive exotics that compete with this plant for total damage done in the eastern United States are ../Kudzu/ and ../Multiflora Rose/.
The Japanese Honeysuckle flower is of high medicinal value in traditional Chinese medicine, where it is called rěn dōng téng (忍冬藤) or jīn yín huā (金銀花; lit. "gold silver flower"). It has antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties, and is used to dispel heat and remove toxins, including carbuncles, fevers, influenza and ulcers. It is, however, of cold and yin nature, and should not be taken by anyone with weak and "cold" digestive system. In Korean, it is called "geumeunhwa". The dried leaves are also used in traditional Chinese medicine.
Lonicera maackii (Amur Honeysuckle or Bush Honeysuckle) is a species of honeysuckle in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to temperate Asia in northern and western China (south to Yunnan), Mongolia, Japan (central and northern Honshū, rare), Korea, and southeastern Russia (Primorsky Krai). It is listed as an endangered species in Japan. It has escaped from cultivation and become naturalised in New Zealand and the eastern United States; in the forests of the latter, it has become an important invasive species.
The common name Amur Honeysuckle comes from the Amur River which is the world's eighth longest river. This river forms the border between the Russian Far East and Manchuria in China. L. maackii is native to the area surrounding this river. The species name maackii is derived from Richard Maack, a 19th century Russian naturalist.
It is a deciduous large shrub growing to 6 m tall with stems up to 10 cm diameter. The leaves are oppositely arranged, 5–9 cm long and 2–4 cm broad, with an entire margin, and with at least some rough hairs on them. The flowers are produced in pairs, commonly with several pairs grouped together in clusters; they are 2 cm long, two-lipped, white later turning yellow or light orange in colour; flowering is from mid spring to early summer. The fruit is a bright red to black semi-translucent berry 2–6 mm diameter containing numerous small seeds; they ripen in autumn, and are eaten by birds, which disperse the seeds in their droppings. It is fast growing and favours shady habitats such as the forest understory, neglected urban areas, and fence rows. It can form extremely dense thickets.
It is grown as an ornamental plant for its attractive flowers, and also as a hedge. A number of cultivars have been selected for garden use, including 'Erubescens' with pink flowers, and 'Rem Red' with erect habit.
The flowers are sometimes used by children, who remove the blossom by hand, and pull off the bottom to suck out the sweet nectar in the centre. The red berries are mildly poisonous to humans and should not be eaten.
Spread of this plant is illegal or controlled in some areas of the United States due to its well documented invasive character. It is listed as a "invasive, banned" species in Connecticut, "prohibited" in Massachusetts, and a "Class B noxious weed" in Vermont. It is also officially listed as an invasive species by government agencies in Wisconsin and Tennessee.
This plant is adaptable and successful in a wide range of conditions. In the United States, Amur honeysuckle was once planted to control erosion, and as hedges. It spread quickly as birds dispersed the seeds, and was soon naturalised. Notably, in deciduous forest understories of the eastern United States it forms dense growths with thick canopies that shade out native shrubs, young trees, and wild flowers. Uncontrolled, these growths create a near monoculture of Amur Honeysuckle. This species poses a serious threat not only to the diversity of the ecosystems which they invade but also to forest regeneration itself.
Due to the invasive nature of this species and the ecological threat it possess it may be inadvisable to cultivate this plant in climates similar to those found where this species has become invasive (e.g. eastern United States). It has been suggested that existing specimens found outside of their native range in east Asia should be removed and replaced with alternative non-invasive species. Possible alternative fast growing, shade tolerant, deciduous shrubs include "../Calycanthus floridus/", "../Cornus mas/", "../Cornus sericea/", "../Forsythia/" hybrids, "../Hydrangea/" spp., "../Syringa vulgaris/", "../Viburnum cassinoides/", "../Viburnum dentatum/", "../Viburnum dilatatum/", "../Viburnum opulus/" , "../Viburnum prunifolium/", "../Viburnum trilobum/", "../Weigela florida/".
Honeysuckle can be controlled by cutting, flaming, or burning the plant to root level and repeating on two-week increments until nutrient reserves in the roots are depleted. To ensure eradication newly cut stumps should be treated with herbicide. Control through prescribed burning has been found to be most effective during the seed dispersal phase (late summer, early fall). Honeysuckle can also be controlled through annual applications of glyphosate which thoroughly soak the leaves, or through grubbing of the shallowly rooted young plants. Both of these methods are only practical if high labour costs and soil damage are not of concern.
The Privet Honeysuckle is a low-growing evergreen shrub or groundcover, useful for planting on banks or other areas due to its low maintenance needs.
This is a low, spreading shrub with an arching habit and "fishbone-like" leaves and secondary branches. The leaves are small, simple, shiny dark green. The small white flowers are borne in the axils in pairs, and while they are not showy they do attract hummingbirds.
Does best in well-drained soils. May require some shelter in the colder part of the range.
The arching habit makes it a good candidate for growing over walls or on steep banks. Layers readily and spreads fairly quickly. 
The branches are also useful for floral arrangements.
Very easy. Can outgrow its space, but easily reined in.
../Layering/ is the most common method.
Problems are rare in the garden. Occasionally browsed by deer, but grows back readily. See ../Lonicera/ for a full discussion of pests and diseases affecting the genus.
The Tarnished Plant Bug is a serious pest of both food crops and ornamentals, with a wide range of hosts and capable of causing considerable damage.
Buds and terminal branches often become yellowed, wilted, or aborted due to heavy sap feeding.
Affected genera include but are not limited to the following:
The gypsy moth, "Lymantria dispar", is a moth in the family Lymantriidae of Eurasian origin. Originally ranging from Europe to Asia, it was introduced to North America in the late 1860s, where it has been expanding its range ever since.
The hatching of gypsy moth eggs coincides with budding of most hardwood trees. Larvae emerge from egg masses from early spring through mid-May.
Gypsy moths are dispersed in two ways. Natural dispersal occurs when newly hatched larvae hanging from host trees on silken threads are carried by the wind for a distance of up to about 1 mile, although most go less than 50 meters. Eggs can be carried for longer distances. Artificial dispersal occurs when people transport gypsy moth eggs thousands of miles from infested areas on cars and recreational vehicles, firewood, household goods, and other personal possessions. Females are flightless in most varieties, so these are the only means of spread.
The effects of defoliation depend primarily on the amount of foliage that is removed, the condition of the tree at the time it is defoliated, the number of consecutive defoliations, available soil moisture, and the species of host.
If less than 50 percent of their crown is defoliated, most hardwoods will experience only a slight reduction (or loss) in radial growth.
If more than 50 percent of their crown is defoliated, most hardwoods will refoliate or produce a second flush of foliage by midsummer. Healthy trees can usually withstand one or two consecutive defoliations of greater than 50 percent. Trees that have been weakened by previous defoliation or been subjected to other stresses such as droughts are frequently killed after a single defoliation of more than 50 percent.
Trees use energy reserves during refoliation and are eventually weakened. Weakened trees exhibit symptoms such as dying back of twigs and branches in the upper crown and sprouting of old buds on the trunk and larger branches. Weakened trees experience radial growth reduction of approximately 30 to 50 percent.
Trees weakened by consecutive defoliations are also vulnerable to attack by disease organisms and other insects. For example, the Armillaria fungus attacks the roots, and the two-lined chestnut borer attacks the trunk and branches. Affected trees will eventually die 2 or 3 years after they are attacked.
Although not preferred by the larvae, pines and hemlocks are subject to heavy defoliation during gypsy moth outbreaks and are more likely to be killed than hardwoods. A single, complete defoliation can kill approximately 50 percent of the pines and 90 percent of the mature hemlocks. This is because conifers do not store energy in their roots; an exception is larch.
Larvae develop into adults by going through a series of progressive moults through which they increase in size. Instars are the stages between each molt. Male larvae normally go through five instars (females, go through six) before entering the pupal stage. Newly hatched larvae are black with long hair-like setae. Older larvae have five pairs of raised blue spots and six pairs of raised brick-red spots along their backs, and a sprinkling of setae.
During the first three instars, larvae remain in the top branches or crowns of host trees. The first stage or instar chews small holes in the leaves. The second and third instars feed from the outer edge of the leaf toward the center.
When population numbers are sparse, the movement of the larvae up and down the tree coincides with light intensity. Larvae in the fourth instar feed in the top branches or crown at night. When the sun comes up, larvae crawl down the trunk of the tree to rest during daylight hours. Larvae hide under flaps of bark, in crevices, or under branches - any place that provides protection. When larvae hide underneath leaf litter, mice, shrews, and "Calosoma" beetles can prey on them. At dusk, when the sun sets, larvae climb back up to the top branches of the host tree to feed.
When population numbers are dense, however, larvae feed continuously day and night until the foliage of the host tree is stripped. Then they crawl in search of new sources of food.
The larvae reach maturity between mid-June and early July. They enter the pupal stage. This is the stage during which larvae change into adults or moths. Pupation lasts from 7 to 14 days. When the population is spread out and running low, pupation can take place under flaps of bark, in crevices, under branches, on the ground, and in other places where larvae rested. During periods when population numbers are dense, pupation is not restricted to locations where larvae rested. Pupation will take place in sheltered and non-sheltered locations, even exposed on the trunks of trees or on foliage of nonhost trees. Sometimes the caterpillars create flimsy cocoons made of silk strands holding the leaf together, while others do not cover their pupae in cocoons, but rather hang from a twig or tree bark, like butterfly pupae do.
The brown male gypsy moth emerges first, flying in rapid zigzag patterns searching for females. The male gypsy moths are diurnal unlike most moths, which are nocturnal. When heavy, black-and-white egg-laden females emerge, they emit a chemical substance called a pheromone that attracts the males. The female lays her eggs in July and August close to the spot where she pupated. Then, both adult gypsy moths die. The European and most Russian forms of the gypsy moth have flightless females. Although they have large wings, the musculature is not developed. However, the Japanese gypsy moth females do fly and are attracted to lights. During outbreaks they have been known to fly to ships in port and lay their eggs on the ships.
The egg is the overwintering stage. After an acclimation stage, eggs can withstand freezing temperatures. The longer they are chilled in winter, the less heating is required for their hatch in spring.
Gypsy moth egg masses are typically laid on branches and trunks of trees, but egg masses may be found in any sheltered location. Egg masses are buff colored when first laid but may bleach out over the winter months when exposed to direct sunlight and weathering. As the female lays them, she covers them with hair-like setae from her abdomen. Many individuals find these hairs irritating, and they may offer the eggs some protection. Egg masses contain from a couple of hundred to about 1200 eggs.
The gypsy moth was introduced into the United States in 1868 by a French scientist, Leopold Trouvelot, living in Medford, Massachusetts, who enjoyed raising many types of caterpillars including silkworms. It is now one of the most notorious pests of hardwood trees in the Eastern United States. The first outbreak there occurred in 1889. By 1987, the gypsy moth had established itself throughout the Northeast USA and southern Quebec and Ontario. The insect has spread south into Virginia and West Virginia, and west into Michigan and Wisconsin. Infestations have also occurred sporadically in Utah, Oregon, Washington, California, and British Columbia.
Since 1980, the gypsy moth has defoliated over 1,000,000 acres (4,000 km²) of forest each year. In 1981, a record 12,900,000 acres (52,200 km²) were defoliated. This is an area larger than Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and Connecticut combined.
In wooded suburban areas, during periods of infestation when trees are visibly defoliated, gypsy moth larvae crawl up and down walls, across roads, over outdoor furniture, and even inside homes. During periods of feeding they leave behind a mixture of small pieces of leaves and frass, or excrement. During outbreaks, the sound of chewing and frass dropping is a continual annoyance.
Gypsy moth populations usually remain at very low levels but occasionally populations increase to very high levels which can result in partial to total defoliation of host trees for 1-3 years.
Gypsy moth larvae prefer oaks, but may feed on several hundred different species of trees and shrubs, both hardwood and conifer. In the East the gypsy moth prefers oaks, aspen, apple, sweetgum, speckled alder, basswood, gray and paper birch, poplar, willow, and hawthorn, although other species are also affected. The list of hosts will undoubtedly expand as the insect spreads south and west. The gypsy moth avoids ash, tulip-tree, American sycamore, butternut, black walnut, catalpa, flowering dogwood, balsam fir, arborvitae, American holly, and shrubs such as mountain laurel and rhododendron, but will feed on these in late instars when densities are extremely high. Older larvae feed on several species of hardwood that younger larvae avoid, including cottonwood, hemlock, Atlantic white cypress, and the pines and spruces native to the East.
Purple loosestrife (Lythrum salicaria) is a semi-aquatic herbaceous plant belonging to the loosestrife family, ../Lythraceae/, native to the wetlands of Eurasia, but growing in other parts of the world as an invasive plant. Other names include spiked loosestrife, purple lythrum, or salicaire. It should not be confused with other plants sharing the name "loosestrife" that are members of the family Primulaceae.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant, growing 1-2 m tall, forming clonal colonies 1.5 m or more in width with numerous erect stems growing from a single woody root mass. The stems are reddish-purple and somewhat square in cross-section. The leaves are lanceolate, 3-10 cm long and 1-2 cm broad, downy and sessile, and arranged opposite or in whorls of three. The flowers are reddish purple, 10-15 mm diameter, with six petals (occasionally five), and are clustered tightly in the axils of bracts or leaves. The fruit is a small 3-4 mm capsule containing numerous minute seeds. Flowering lasts throughout the summer. When the seeds are mature, the leaves often turn bright red through dehydration in early autumn; the red colour may last for almost two weeks. The dead stalks from previous growing seasons are brown, generally remaining erect through the winter months.
Purple loosestrife has become an invasive species since its introduction into temperate New Zealand and North America and is now considered a noxious weed in many regions. The seeds may have arrived in the plant's non-native areas in muddy ballast water emptied from ships, but has also been used as a medicinal herb and cultivated as a garden plant. The flowers are quite showy and bright, and monotypic fields of purple loosestrife are attractive, however purple loosestrife has had a very destructive impact on North American wetland ecology since its arrival in the early 19th century. 
The plants grow vigorously and spread very fast when removed from their natural controlling agents. Infestations result in dramatic disruption in water flow in rivers and canals, and a sharp decline in biological diversity. Native food and cover plant species, notably cattails, are completely crowded out, which may be disruptive to the life cycles of other organisms such as waterfowl, amphibians, or algae. 
In North America, purple loosestrife may be distinguished from similar native plants (e.g. fireweed "../Epilobium angustifolium/", blue vervain "../Verbena hastata/", Liatris "../Liatris/" spp., and spiraea "../Spiraea douglasii/") by its angular stalks which are square in outline, as well by it leaves, which are in pairs that alternate at right angle and are not serrated.
A single plant may produce up to three million tiny seeds annually. Easily carried by wind and water, the seeds germinate in moist soils after overwintering. The plant can also sprout anew from pieces of root left in the soil or water. Once established, infestations are extremely difficult and costly to remove by mechanical and chemical means. 
Purple loosestrife provides a model of successful biological pest control. Research began in 1985 and today the plant is managed well with a number of insects that feed on it. Four species of beetle use purple loosestrife as their natural food source and they can do significant damage to the plant. The beetles used as biological control agents include two species of leaf beetle and two species of weevil.
Outside of wetland areas, Purple Loosestrife is not particularly aggressive, and its long bloom period makes it an excellent garden plant. It should be handled with care however, and not planted where seeds might be washed into watersheds (including storm sewers). Composts made from materials including this plant should likewise be kept well away from wetland areas.
"European wand loosestrife" ("L. virgatum") is the same species, and the plant often appears under this name in nurseries. The sale of purple loosestrife is illegal in many areas due to the risk of introducing seed into uninvaded wetlands.
The flowers are long lived in the vase, and can be grown in cutting gardens for this purpose.
When growing in a wetland, Purple Loostrife is a serious issue, and very hard to control due to the delicate nature of wetland environments. Heavy equipment and most herbicides should "never" be used in wetland areas. For infestations too serious to control using mowing or pulling, gardeners and horticulturists alike should consider seeking help from a wetland specialist.
The Aster Leafhopper is a small Hopper that feeds on a wide range of hosts, primarily in the Composite family, ../Asteraceae/.
Green with bright red stripes.
Stippling from feeding, but more importantly vectoring ../Aster Yellows/.
A maggot is the larval stage of the fly life cycle, though sometimes "maggot" is used to refer to the larval stage of any insect. Many maggots feed on carrion and other wastes, but some are crop pests and others are predators and parasites.
Maggots are generally 4 to 12 mm in length depending on their stage of growth. Most maggots range from an off-white color to a light brown, though some can be a yellow or reddish color. Maggots have one pair of tiny hook-like parts to aid in feeding and have no legs.
The adults are easily recognized since this is the only order of insects that has only one pair of wings ("Diptera" meaning 2 wings).
Pest maggots can be leaf or root feeders, borers, or leaf miners.
The fly life cycle is composed of four stages: egg, larva (commonly known as a maggot), pupa, and adult. Most feeding is done in the maggot stage.
For large scale raised beds (for small farm and nursery operations), raised beds are most efficiently made using tractors. 
Making Raised Beds with Tractors
The Eastern Tent Caterpillar ("Malacosoma americanum") is a social species of caterpillar that forms communal nests in the branches of trees. It is sometimes confused with the gypsy moth ("../Lymantria dispar/"), or the fall webworm and may be erroneously referred to as a bagworm which is the common name applied to unrelated caterpillars in the family Psychidae. The moths oviposit almost exclusively on trees in the plant family Rosaceae, particularly cherries (Prunus) and apple (Malus). The caterpillars are hairy with areas of blue, white, black and orange. The blue and white colors are mechanical colors created by the selective filtering of light by microtubules that arise on the cuticle.
In terms of complexity of interactions, the eastern tent caterpillar, Malacosoma americanum, stands near the pinnacle of caterpillar sociality. The adult moth lays her eggs in a single batch in late spring or early summer. The egg masses contain on average 200-300 eggs. Embryogenesis proceeds rapidly and within three weeks fully formed caterpillars can be found within the eggs. But the small caterpillars lie quiescent until the following spring, chewing their way through the shells of their eggs just as the buds of the host tree begins to expand.
The newly hatched caterpillars initiate the construction of a silk tent soon after emerging. They typically aggregate at the tent site for the whole of their larval life, expanding the tent each day to accommodate their increasing size. Under field conditions, the caterpillars feed three times each day, just before dawn, in the evening after sunset, and at mid afternoon. During each bout of feeding the caterpillars emerge from the tent, add silk to the structure, move to distant feeding sites en masse, feed, then return immediately to the tent where they rest until the next activity period. The exception to this pattern occurs in the last instar when the caterpillars feed only at night. The caterpillars lay down pheromone trails to guide their movements between the tent and feeding sites. The insect has six larval instars. When fully grown, the caterpillars disperse and construct cocoons in protected places. The adults emerge about two weeks later. Mating and oviposition typically occur on the same day as the moths emerge from their cocoons and being completely spent the females die soon thereafter.
The tent of the eastern tent caterpillar is among the largest built by any tent caterpillar. The tents are constructed in the crotch of the host tree and are typically oriented so that the broadest face of the structure faces the southeast, taking advantage of the morning sun. The caterpillars typically add silk to the structure at the onset of each of their daily activity periods. Silk is added directly to the surface of the tent as the caterpillars walk back and forth over the structure. The silk is laid down under slight tension and it eventually contracts, causing the newly spun layer of silk to separate from the previously spun layer. The tent thus consists of discrete layers separated by gaps within which the caterpillars rest. The tent has openings that allow the caterpillars to enter and exit the structure. Openings are formed where branches jut from the structure but are most common at the apex of the tent.
Light has a great effect on the caterpillars while they are spinning and they always spin the majority of their silk on the most illuminated face of the tent. Indeed, if under experimental conditions the dominant light source is directed at the tent from below, the caterpillars will build their tent upside down. Caterpillars continue to expand their tent until they enter the last phase of their larval life. The sixth-instar caterpillar conserves its silk for cocoon construction and adds nothing to the tent. The tents are multifunctional. They facilitate basking, offer some protection from enemies, provide for secure purchase, and act as a staging site from which the caterpillars launch en masse forays to distant feeding sites. The elevated humidity inside the tent may facilitate molting.
Eastern tent caterpillars are among the earliest of caterpillars to appear in the spring. Because the early spring weather is often cold, the caterpillars rely on the heat of the sun to elevate their body temperatures to levels that allow them to digest their food. Studies show that below 15°C (59°F) the caterpillars are unable to process the food in their guts. Early instars of the tent caterpillar are black and their bodies readily absorb the rays of the sun. When basking, the caterpillars typically pack together tightly, reducing heat loss due to convective currents. The long setae that occur on the caterpillars also serve to stem convective heat loss. The caterpillars may aggregate on the surface of the tent or within the structure. The tents act as miniature glass houses, trapping the heat of the morning sun and allowing the caterpillars to warm more quickly than they would if they remained outside the tent. Studies have shown that basking, aggregated caterpillars can achieve temperature excesses of as much as 44°C. Indeed, the caterpillars can easily overheat and they must take evasive action when they become too hot.
Because of its layered structure, the tent is thermally heterogeneous and the caterpillars can adjust their temperature by moving from layer to layer. The caterpillars may also aggregate on the outside of the shaded side of the tent and hang from the tips of their abdomens to enhance convective heat loss and cooling.
As shown for some other caterpillars, eastern tent caterpillars are capable of generating a small amount of metabolic heat while they digest their meals. When recently fed caterpillars pack tightly together, the temperature of the caterpillars in the interior of the mass may be several degrees Celsius above ambient temperature even in the absence of a radiant heat source. It is unclear whether this small heat gain has a significant effect on the rate of caterpillar growth.
Tent caterpillars, like many other species of social caterpillars, vigorously thrash the anterior part of their bodies when they detect predators and parasitoids. Such bouts of thrashing, which may be initiated by a single caterpillar, radiate rapidly though the colony and may result in group displays involving dozens of caterpillars. Such displays create a moving target for tachinid flies, wasps and other small parasitoids that lay their eggs on or in the body of the caterpillar. They also clearly deter stink bugs and other timid predators. Groups of caterpillars resting on the surface of the tent constitute aposematic displays. Few birds other than the cuckoo find the hairy caterpillars palatable. The leaves of the cherry tree are cyanogenic and the caterpillars regurgitate cyanide ladened juices when disturbed.
Tent caterpillars secrete silk from a spinneret wherever they go and frequently used pathways soon bear conspicuous silk trails. As the caterpillars move about the tree, they largely confine their movements to these trails. Curiously, it is not the silk that they follow but a trail pheromone secreted from the posterior tip of their abdomen. Caterpillars deposit exploratory trails by dragging the tip of their abdomen as they move over the tree in search of food. Caterpillars that find food and feed overmark the exploratory trails they follow back to the tent, creating recruitment trails. Recruitment trails are much more attractive to the caterpillars than exploratory trails and they serve to lead hungry caterpillars directly to the newest food finds. It is possible for a single successful forager to recruit the entire colony to its food find.
The exact identity of the trail pheromone of the eastern tent caterpillar has not yet been determined but the chemical 5β-cholestane-3-one has been shown to be fully competitive with the authentic trail pheromone. Caterpillars readily follow trails of this chemical, even abandoning their own trails in favor of artificial trails prepared with the compound.
The eastern tent caterpillar is of some importance as a plant pest since it may defoliate ornamental trees. Defoliated trees, however, rarely suffer significant damage and typically refoliate within several weeks. More seriously, the caterpillar has been implicated in mare reproductive loss syndrome (MRLS), but the exact mechanism by which the caterpillar triggers abortion in horses has yet to be determined.
Symptoms include severe defoliation of the host plant. The sign is the easily recognizable tents made by the colonies.
This is the style manual for Horticulture.
For ease of linking, this book uses a flat structure. All chapters should thus be of the form <nowiki>Horticulture/CHAPTER, not Horticulture/Chapter/PAGE</nowiki>.
By using the flat structure, links from chapter to chapter can be easily made using the form <nowiki>../CHAPTER/</nowiki>.
There are several subcategories of this book, arranged hierarchically. The Main Category should include only the subcategories, the main page and new pages that don't seem to fit into any of the current categories, or that have not yet had appropriate page templates added to them. Any new subcategories should be placed in :, only the main page should be in the main category. For ease of use categories should sort subpages alphabetically using <nowiki>|Manual of Style</nowiki> to give for example <nowiki>Manual of Style</nowiki>.
The current list of categories is as follows. Further indented categories are subcategories of the main ones:
Images should be uploaded to commons, rather than to wikibooks, since this book cross-links with wikipedia, wikiversity, and other projects.
Since this book is intended to be printable, avoid thumbnails except in galleries. For best print quality, make images at least 300px.
Plant profiles should:
The plant pages use templates to provide structure and consistency. Most of the plant profiles are based on transwikis from Wikipedia using the Import tool. After an article is transwikied and moved to Horticulture, adding <nowiki></nowiki> to the top of the page (generally just before the "taxobox") and remove any categories or interwiki links at the bottom of the page.
Additional templates are used to identify specific types of plants and other things grown. See Horticulture/Using Templates for more information.
The Pest and disease lists are compiled from various source materials, including sources on the plants themselves, as well as sources on the pests and diseases themselves. These lists can be kept up-to-date using the What links here page (on the sidebar).
The early lists are from a donated website, "Johnny's Plant Profiles", which was hosted by from 2000 through 2005. These lists were compiled for the purpose of databasing to find alternate hosts (including both garden plants and weeds) as part of an organic IPM program, and that databasing approach has been used as part of building this book as well (using to find the most linked pests and diseases.
The weakness of these lists is that they assume a very high level of knowledge about the individual pests and diseases, since it lists only the pest organisms, rather than the symptoms of any given pest or disease problem. For this reason, these should eventually be replaced by troubleshooting sections (see below).
Troubleshooting sections will be like keys for using symptoms to provide causes and treatments.
External links on the module page should be avoided, unless used as references. External link sections from transwikis should for the most part be deleted. Linking to external sites on the talk page is usually acceptable if used in order to alert authors to more information that might be included or where questions can be asked (web forums, etc.).
Links to nurseries and local services should never be included under any circumstances.
Links to commercial websites about specific garden products should be included only on pages directly discussing that product.
This book uses a Neutral Point of View, so several things need to be kept in mind.
Information about the plant other than garden-related issues is encouraged, but "how-to" information outside the scope of horticulture should be discussed in other books. 
Matricaria discoidea, commonly known as pineapple weed is an annual plant native to North America and NE Asia but which has become a cosmopolitan weed. According to ITIS the specific name is "Matricaria discoidea" DC, but many synonyms are in the literature, including "M. matricarioides", "M. suaveolens", and "Chamomilla suaveolens".
The flower head is cone-shaped, composed of dense-packed yellowish-green corollas, and lacking ray-florets. The leaves are pinnately dissected and sweet-scented when crushed. The plant grows 3 to 12 inches (7.5 - 30 cm) high.
The plant grows well in disturbed areas, especially those with poor, compacted soil. It can be seen blooming on footpaths, roadsides, and similar places in spring and early summer. In the USA, it can be found from central Alaska down to California and all the way to Maine.
The flowers exude a chamomile/pineapple aroma when crushed. They are edible and have been used in salads (although they may become bitter by the time the plant blooms) and to make a herbal tea .
Pineapple weed has been used for medicinal purposes, including for relief of gastrointestinal upset, infected sores, fevers, and postpartum anemia .
Mealybug is the common name of insects in Pseudococcidae, a family of unarmored ../Scale Insects/ found in moist, warm climates. They feed on plant juices of greenhouse plants, house plants and some outdoor plants.
Mealybugs are sexually dimorphic, meaning that the sexes have distinct morphological differences. Females are nymphal, exhibit reduced morphology, and are wingless. The females do not change completely and are likely to be neotonic (exhibiting nymphal characteristics). Males are winged and do change completely during their lives. Since mealybugs (as well as all other Hemiptera) are hemimetabolous insects, they do not undergo complete metamorphosis in the true sense of the word. I.e. there are no clear larval, pupal and adult stages, and the wings do not develop internally. However, male mealybugs do exhibit a radical change during their life cycle, changing from wingless, ovoid nymphs to "wasp-like" flying adults.
Large infestations may induce leaf drop.
Mealybug females feed on plant sap, normally in roots or other crevices. They attach themselves to the plant and secrete a powdery wax layer (therefore the name mealybug) used for protection while they suck the plant juices. The males on the other hand, are short-lived as they do not feed at all as adults and only live to fertilize the females. Male citrus mealy bugs fly to the females and resemble fluffy gnats.
Some species of mealybug lay their eggs in the same waxy layer used for protection in quantities of 50–100; other species are born directly from the female.
The most serious pests are mealybugs that feed on citrus; other species damage sugarcane, grapes, pineapple (Jahn et al. 2003), coffee trees, cassava, ferns, and orchids. Mealybugs only tend to be serious pests in the presences of ants because the ants protect them from predators and parasites. Mealybugs also infest some species of carnivorous plant such as "../Sarracenia/" (pitcher plants), in such cases it is difficult to eradicate them without repeated applications of insecticide such as ../Diazinon/. .
Lemon balm ("Melissa officinalis")is a perennial herb in the mint family Lamiaceae, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean region.
It grows to 70-150 cm tall. The leaves have a lemon scent and taste. At the end of the summer, little white flowers full of nectar appear. These attract bees, hence the genus name "Melissa" (Greek for 'honey bee'). Its flavour comes from the terpenes citronellal, citronellol, citral, and geraniol. Lemon Balm grows in clumps and spreads vegetatively as well as by seed. In mild temperate zones, the stems of the plant die off at the start of the winter, but shoot up again in spring. 
This herb can be easy to cultivate in United States Department of Agriculture Plant Hardiness Zones 4 to 9. In zone 4, it needs winter mulch and a well-drained sandy soil to survive. In zone 7, it can be harvested through late autumn. It is moderately shade-tolerant, much more so than most herbs. In dry climates, it grows best in partial shade.
It is used as a flavouring in tisane and ice cream, but its most common use is to make herbal teas. It makes a particularly refreshing iced tea, especially when mixed with other herbs such as spearmint. It is also often paired with fruit dishes or candies.
Lemon balm essential oil is very popular in aromatherapy. The essential oil is commonly co-distilled with lemon oil, citronella oil, or other oils.
The crushed leaves, when rubbed on the skin, are used as a repellant for mosquitos.
Lemon Balm is also used medicinally as a herbal tea, or in extract form. It is claimed to have antibacterial, antiviral properties, and it is also used as a mild sedative or calming agent. At least one study has found it to be effective at reducing stress, although the study's authors call for further research. Its antibacterial properties have also been demonstrated scientifically, although they are markedly weaker than those from a number of other plants studied.
It can be easily grown from stem cuttings rooted in water, or from seeds. Under ideal conditions, it will seed itself prolifically and can become a nuisance in gardens.
Harvest fresh, using the leaves. 
"Metarhizium anisopliae" (also known as "Entomophthora anisopliae" in the early 1900s) was named after the insect species it was originally isolated from, the beetle "Anisoplia austriaca". It is a fungus that grows naturally in soils throughout the world and causes disease in various insects by acting as a parasite; it thus belongs to the entomopathogenic fungi. It is a mitosporic fungus with asexual reproduction for which a teleomorph has not yet been discovered. "Cordyceps taii" was shown to be the teleomorph of "Metarhizium taii", so it seems likely that the one of "M. anisopliae" will also turn out to be a "Cordyceps" species. However, it is also possible that some, if not most, strains of "M. anisopliae" have lost the capability of reproducing sexually.
Metarhizium anisopliae is being used as a biological insecticide to control a number of pests such as ../Grasshoppers/, ../Termites/, ../Thrips/, ../catterpillers/ ..aphids/ etc. and its use in the control of malaria-transmitting mosquitos is under investigation.
The disease caused by the fungus is called green muscardine disease because of the green color of its spores. When these mitotic (asexual) spores (properly called conidia) of the fungus come into contact with the body of an insect host, they germinate and the hyphae that emerge penetrate the cuticle. The fungus then develops inside the body eventually killing the insect after a few days; this lethal effect is very likely aided by the production of insecticidal cyclic peptides (destruxins). The cuticle of the cadaver often becomes red. If the ambient humidity is high enough, a white mold then grows on the cadaver that soon turns green as spores are produced. 
The microscopic spores are typically sprayed on affected areas; the plan for malaria control is to coat mosquito nets or cotton sheets attached to the wall with them. The level of insect control (mortality) in general depends on factors like the number of spores applied against the insect host, the fungus strain used, the formulation and weather conditions. Oil-based formulations allow the application of fungal spores under dry conditions.
The fungus does not appear to infect humans or other animals and is considered safe as an insecticide.
Most insects living near the soil have evolved natural defenses against entomopathogenic fungi like "M. anisopliae". This fungus is therefore locked in an evolutionary battle to overcome these defenses, which has led to a large number of strains that are adapted to certain groups of insects. Some strains are so specific that they have attained variety status, like "Metarhizium anisopliae" var. "acridum", which almost exclusively infects grasshoppers in the suborder Caelifera of the Orthoptera.
Micro-biocontrols are organisms that can be employed by gardeners to control garden pests and plant diseases.
Mites, together with ../Ticks/, belong to the subclass Acarina (also known as Acari) and the class Arachnida. Mites are among the most diverse and successful of all the invertebrate groups. They have exploited an incredible array of habitats, and because of their small size (some are microscopic) most go totally unnoticed. Many live freely in the soil or water, but there are also a large number of species that live as parasites on plants or animals and even some that feed on mold.
Insects may also have parasitic mites. Examples are "../Varroa destructor/" which attaches to the body of the honeybee, and "../Acarapis woodi/", which lives in the tracheae of honeybees. There are hundreds of species of mites associated with other bee species, and most are poorly described and understood. Some are thought to be parasites, while others beneficial symbionts.
There are over 45,000 described species of mites. Scientists believe that we have only found 5% of the total diversity of mites. Mites have existed for around 400 million years.
Most mites in the garden are pests, but some mites are predatory on other mites.
Mites are very small arthropods, with eight legs and two body segments. They have piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Mite damage includes stippling, discoloration, distorted foliage, and in the case of spider mites webbing.
The appearance of certain weeds can often be used as an indicator of certain soil types or problems regarding nutrition, pH, structure, or organic content. In many cases, weeds can be controlled by modifying the soil.
The best way to get a start on most chapters is to "transwiki" the Wikipedia article on the subject, and then modify it to suit the ../Manual of Style/ used in this book. Basing the modules of this book on Wikipedia articles has two important advantages:
The main "problem" with Wikipedia articles is simple: they're encyclopedia articles, not book chapters, and so need to be modified, rearranged, and relinked to fit into this book. In order to facilitate this, a number of templates have been developed to fit various topics, which both help suggest a framework into which the sections (or even sentences) of the Wikipedia articles can be put into, as well as helping to create a consistent structure for all chapters, which in turn makes the book a lot more useful for the home reader or classroom environment. 
The best way to start a transwiki-based module is to first Import the Wikipedia article, and then apply the relevant template and develop the chapter. The only problem with this is that only an can use the import tool. To get the article imported, simply list it on , or for faster action make the request on our main IRC channel, #wikibooks (on freenode). There are almost always administrators listening on the channel, so just type !admin for attention. 
Alternatively, contributors can simply copy-and-paste the Wikipedia article and work on it while awaiting Import. When doing this, please be sure to list both the wikipedia article and the chapter as an Import/Merge request . Note that this is a bit more difficult for administrators (several steps are involved), but it accomplishes the purpose just as well. Very active contributors who wish to import large numbers of articles should consider simple (the RFA process on wikibooks is far less stressful than it is on Wikipedia).
If there is no article on Wikipedia, or the article is a fairly useless stub, just start the chapter from scratch using the templates. 
There are a number of templates available for creating page structures in "A Wikimanual of Gardening". They must be used with "subst:" to work correctly, but the templates they include (primarily infoboxes) should not be substituted:
"Bookify" is a word occasionally used to mean "change an encyclopedia article into part of a book". The templates for "A Wikimanual of Gardening" are used to facilitate this process by providing a consistent "narrative structure". Wikipedia articles need to be "dewikified" (wikilinks either removed or replaces with subpage-style links), and for this book they need to be snipped up and re-organized to fit into the fields provided by the templates. 
The easiest way to dewikify is to simply open both the module page and the edit page side-by side, and just copy from the module and paste over the wikified version on the edit page. There are a few things to look out for however:
Bryophytes (non-vascular land plants), of which the most well-known are mosses, but also include liverworts and hortworts, are an ancient form of plants, suited to some forms of gardening. For similar uses, see lichen.
Particularly useful in rock gardens.
One of the most famous moss gardens is 苔寺 (koke dera, “moss temple”) of Saihō-ji, Kyoto.
See Moss#Cultivation
Many weeds can be controlled effectively by simply mowing or cutting them down. This can be done with a mower, brusher, string-trimmer, or scythe.
Weeds that are susceptible to this method includes all trees and shrubs, most vines, and large herbaceous plants. Lawn weeds are of course not controllable by this method, since they are adapted to regular mowing.
Depending on the plant in question mowing can either be done regularly to continually weaken the plant, or in the case of annual weeds simply cut down before seed production to prevent their return the following year. 
Disposal of the clippings can generally be done by composting, although care should be taken if seeds are present. 
Mowing for Weed Control
Nimblewill is a perennial grass that often grows as a weed of lawns.
Mukdenia rossii is a clumping herbaceous plant native to woodlands in Eastern Asia, grown for its foliage and spring flowers.
Mulch is a protective cover placed over the soil, primarily to modify the effects of the local climate. A wide variety of natural and synthetic materials are used.
Mulch is used for various purposes:
A variety of materials are used as mulch:
The way a particular organic mulch decomposes, and reacts to wetting by rain and dew, determine in great degree its effectiveness. Organic mulches can rot rapidly rather than slowly break down, and it can mat into a barrier that blocks water and air, both conditions that can be detrimental to crops.
Living mulch may also be considered a type of mulch, or as a mulch-like cover crop. This technique involves undersowing a main crop with a fast-growing cover crop that will provide weed suppression and other benefits associated with mulch.
Mulching is an important part of any no-dig gardening regime, such as practiced within permaculture systems.
Mulch is usually applied towards the beginning of the growing season, and may be reapplied as necessary. It serves initially to warm the soil by helping it retain heat. This allows early seeding and transplanting of certain crops, and encourages faster growth. As the season progresses, the mulch stabilizes temperature and moisture, and prevents sunlight from germinating weed seed. 
Plastic mulch used in large-scale commercial production is laid down with a tractor-drawn or standalone plastic mulch layer. This is usually part of a sophisticated mechanical process, where raised beds are formed, plastic is rolled out on top, and seedlings are transplanted through it. Drip irrigation is often required, with drip tape laid under the plastic, as plastic mulch is impermeable to water.
In home gardens and smaller farming operations, organic mulch is usually spread by hand around emerged plants. For materials like straw and hay, a shredder may be used to chop up the material. Organic mulches are usually piled quite high, six inches or more, and settle over the season.
In central Pennsylvania, Harrisburg area, mulch is namely referred to as tanbark, even by manufacturers and distributors. In this area, "mulch" refers to very fine tanbark or peat moss.
Mulch should normally smell like freshly cut wood, but sometimes will develop a toxicity that will cause it to smell like vinegar, ammonia, sulfur or silage. This happens if the material is not rotated often enough and it forms pockets where no air is circulating. When this occurs, the decomposition process become anaerobic and produces these toxic materials in small quantities. Once exposed to the air, the process quickly reverts back to an aerobic decomposition, but these toxic materials will be present for a period of time. If the mulch is placed around plants before the toxicity has had a chance to dissipate, then the plants could very likely be severely damaged or killed depending on their hardiness. Plants that are predominantly low to the ground or freshly planted are the most susceptible.
If sour mulch is applied and there is plant kill, the best thing to do is just water the mulch heavily. Water will help the chemicals to dissipate more quickly and refresh the plants. By the time plant kill is noticed, most of the toxicity will have already disappeared anyway, so removing the offending mulch will have little effect. While testing after plant kill will not likely turn up anything since the toxicity will have dissipated, a simple pH check may reveal a highly acid content, perhaps in the 1.8 to 3.6 range instead of the normal 6.0 to 7.2 range. Finally, placing a bit of the offending mulch around another plant to check for plant kill will verify if the toxicity has departed. If the new plant is also killed, then sour mulch is probably not the problem.
Mulch
Mulches, when applied at the right time, can be very good for weed control and prevention. The important thing is timing: if mulches are applied at a time when weed seeds are fully dormant, they will prevent any exposure of the seed to sunlight, which is for many weed seeds the primary signal that causes them to start growing.
Mulches are most commonly applied in spring for this purpose, but many biennial and perennial weeds actually germinate in autumn, so some gardeners will mulch twice per year, or even add mulches whenever they pull weeds or otherwise disturb the soil.
Mulches are sometimes applied in combination with a pre-emergent. For organic gardeners, the pre-emergent used is corn gluten meal, which is applied under the mulch.
Mulching to Prevent Weeds
Mulching to Prevent Weeds
Mulching is a common practice in garden maintenance involving the covering of exposed soil with a loose material to provide weed control, moisture retention, and temperaturre regulation. Most often the mulch material is also organic matter which also helps raise the nutrient content of the soil, but in some cases stone or even synthetic mulches are used to provide longer-term cover. Organic mater is sometimes also raked over lawns, which is referred to as "top-dressing". In some situations, mulches are also added on top of a soil barrier, in order to smother weeds or stabilize soil.
Mulches can be applied at any time of year. They come in a variety of colors such as red , brown, and black. In most gardens, it is only applied once in the springtime as part of the spring cleanup process, but in intensive veetable gardens and many organic gardens, it is applied more than once. Whenever they are applied, it is always "after" a garden has been well-weeded and edged.
When applying mulch, it's best to start applying at the back of the garden, or in the middle in the case of "island" beds, in order to avoid walking on or rolling wheelbarrows over the mulch that's already been applied.
In gardens with large open spaces between plants, the simplest method is to simply dump the wheelbarrows or bags on the soil, then spread with a rake. In densely planted gardens, it is best to mulch by hand. 
The depth of the mulch depends on the type of mulch used: for wood mulches (the most common type in most areas due to price and availability), the mulch is generally laid 1.5" to 2" thick. 
Mulches should never be thrown on top of plant crowns, as this creates conditions conducive to rots. The mulch should be kept about 2" from any plant crown or tree trunk (it should "never" be piled up in "volcanoes" against the trunk of a tree).
Mulching
Mulching
Mustard greens are a leafy vegetable grown for use as a salad green or as a cooked green.
The Forget-me-nots are flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae, grown for their long-lasting blue flowers.
There are about 50 species in the genus, and among them there is considerable variation. Nevertheless a considerable number of the species fit the same description, of a small (1 cm diameter or less) rather flat 5-petalled blue flower growing profusely on straggly stems, flowering in spring. Colour variation is somewhat frequent within species, and white or pink forms are quite likely to be seen. They are popular in gardens, and cultivated forms often show a mixture of colours. The forget-me-nots need shade, not sun.
They are widely distributed. Most Myosotis species are endemic to New Zealand, though one or two European species, especially the Wood Forget-me-not, "../Myosotis sylvatica/" have been introduced in most of the temperate regions of Europe, Asia and America. "../Myosotis scorpioides/" is also known as "scorpion grass".
The name was borrowed from Old French "ne m'oubliez pas" and first used in English in c.1532. Loans and translations of it can be found in most European and some non-European languages, like German "Vergissmeinnicht", Italian "Nontiscordardimé", Polish "Niezapominajka", Slovak "Nezábudky", Danish "Forglem-mig-ej", Swedish "Förgätmigej", Dutch "vergeet-mij-nietje", Spanish "no-me-olvides", Russian "Незабудки", Bulgarian “Незабравки”, Lithuanian "Neužmirštuolės", Greek "Μη με λησμονείς" (also connected to the people who died during the 1974 events in Cyprus), Esperanto "neforgesumino", Chinese "勿忘草" (wu wang cao), Korean "물망초" (勿忘草, mul mang cho), Japanese "勿忘草" (Wasurenagusa), Hebrew "זכריני" (Zichrini), Persian "فراموشم مکن" (farâmusham nakon), Hungarian "Nefelejts", Turkish "Unutma Beni" etc. 
In the United States of America, the forget-me-not is the state flower of Alaska, precisely "../Myosotis alpestris/". The Forget-me-nots are traditionally worn by Newfoundlanders on July 1st in remembrance of those Newfoundlanders that died during the First World War. July 1 was chosen because of the high number of casualties suffered by the Royal Newfoundland Regiment on 1 July 1916 during the Battle of the Somme.
Forget-me-nots can be annual or perennial plants. Their root systems are generally diffuse. Their seeds are found in small, tulip shaped pods along the stem to the flower. The pods attach to clothing when brushed against and eventually fall off, leaving the small seed within to germinate elsewhere. 
Seeds can be collected by putting a piece of paper under the stems and shaking them. The seed pods and some seeds will fall out.
w:Setaceous Hebrew Character
The Green Peach Aphid is a pest of over 875 species of plants, including both food crops and ornamental species. 
A wide range of plants, including those in the following genera:
Neem oil is a vegetable oil pressed from the fruits and seeds of the Neem tree, "Azadirachta indica", which is endemic to the Indian sub-continent and has been introduced to many other areas in the tropics. It is perhaps the most important of the commercially available products of neem.
The oil is generally light to dark brown, bitter and has a rather strong odour that is said to combine the odours of peanut and garlic. It comprises mainly triglycerides and large amounts of triterpenoid compounds, which are responsible for the bitter taste. It is hydrophobic in nature and in order to emulisify it in water for application purposes, it must be formulated with appropriate surfactants.
Neem oil also contains steroids (campesterol, beta-sitosterol, stigmasterol) and a plethora of triterpenoids of which Azadirachtin is the most well known and studied. The Azadirachtin content of Neem Oil varies from 300ppm to over 2000ppm depending on the quality of the neem seeds crushed. 
The method of processing is likely to affect the composition of the oil, since the methods used,
such as pressing (expelling) or solvent extraction are unlikely to remove exactly the same
mix of components in the same proportions.The Neem oil yield that can be obtained from neem seed kernels varies also widely in literature and varies from 25% to 45%.
The oil can be obtained through pressing (crushing) of the seed kernel both through cold pressing or through a process incorporating temperature controls. 
Neem seed oil can also be obtained by solvent extraction of the neem seed, fruit, oilcake or kernel. A large industry in India extracts the oil remaining in the seed cake using hexane. This solvent-extracted oil is of a lower quality as compared to the cold pressed oil and is mostly used for soap manufacturing.
Neem cake is a by-product obtained in the solvent extraction process for neem oil.
Neem oil is not used for cooking purposes but, in India and Bangladesh, it is used for preparing cosmetics (soap, hair products, body hygiene creams, hand creams) and in Ayurvedic, Unani and other traditional medicines is used in the treatment of a wide range of afflictions. The most frequently reported indications in ancient Ayurvedic writings are skin diseases, inflammations and fevers, and more recently rheumatic disorders, insect repellent and insecticidal effects.
Traditional Ayurvedic uses of neem include the treatment of fever, leprosy, malaria, ophthalmia and tuberculosis. Various folk remedies for neem include use as an anthelmintic, antifeedant, antiseptic, diuretic, emmenagogue, contraceptive, febrifuge, parasiticide, pediculocide and insecticide. It has been used in traditional medicine for the treatment of tetanus, urticaria, eczema, scrofula and erysipelas. Traditional routes of administration of neem extracts included oral, vaginal and topical use. Neem oil has an extensive history of human use in India and surrounding regions for a variety of therapeutic purposes.
Formulations made of Neem oil also find wide usage as a bio-pesticide for organic farming, as it repels a wide variety of pests including the mealy bug, beet armyworm, aphids, the cabbage worm, nematodes and the Japanese beetle. Neem Oil is non-toxic to mammals and birds as well as many beneficial insects such as honeybees and lady bugs. Neem oil also controls black spot, powdery mildew, anthracnose and rust.
Applied in a spray at 100:1 or 200:1. Agitation is recommended.
he nematodes or roundworms (Phylum Nematoda from Greek νῆμα (nema): "thread" + -ώδη (-ode) "like") are one of the most common phyla of animals, with over 20,000 different described species (over 15,000 are parasitic). They are ubiquitous in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial environments, where they often outnumber other animals in both individual and species counts, and are found in locations as diverse as Antarctica and oceanic trenches. Further, there are a great many parasitic forms, including pathogens in most plants and animals, humans included. Only the Arthropoda are more diverse.
Nematodes have successfully adapted to nearly every ecological niche from marine to fresh water, from the polar regions to the tropics, as well as the highest to the lowest of elevations. Though 20,000 species have been classified it is estimated that this number may be upwards of 500,000 if all were known.. In certain fertile areas the topsoil is estimated to contain in the billions of nematodes per acre. In the 1914 edition of the Yearbook of the United States Department of Agriculture N.A.Cobb wrote on the abundance of nematodes: "If all the matter in the universe except the nematodes were swept away, our world would still be dimly recognizable, and if, as disembodied spirits, we could then investigate it, we should find its mountains, hills, vales, rivers, lakes and oceans represented by a thin film of nematodes. The location of towns would be decipherable, since for every massing of human beings there would be a corresponding massing of certain nematodes. Trees would still stand in ghostly rows representing our streets and highways. The location of the various plants and animals would still be decipherable, and, had we sufficient knowledge, in many cases even their species could be determined by an examination of their erstwhile nematode parasites."
Nematodes are unsegmented, thin and are round in cross section. They have no circulatory or respiratory systems so they use diffusion to breathe and for circulation of substances around their body. Nematodes are one of the simplest animal groups to have a complete digestive system, with a separate orifice for food intake and waste excretion, a pattern followed by all subsequent, more complex animals. The body cavity lacks the muscles of coelomate animals used to force food down the digestive tract. Nematodes thus depend on internal/external pressures and body movement to move food through their digestive tracts. The mouth is often surrounded by various flaps or projections used in feeding and sensation. The portion of the body past the anus is called the "tail." As they grow, their cells get larger, but the total number is constant. The epidermis secretes a layered cuticle made of three layers of collagen that protects the body from drying out, or from digestive juices or other damaging substances. Although this cuticle allows movement and shape changes, it is very inelastic so does not allow the volume of the worm to increase. Therefore, as the worm grows, it has to molt and form new cuticles. The cuticles don't allow volume to increase so as to keep hydrostatic pressure inside the organism very high. For this reason, the roundworms do not possess circular muscles (just longitudinal ones) as they're not required. This hydrostatic pressure is the reason the roundworms are round.
Most free-living nematodes are microscopic, though a few parasitic forms can grow to over a meter in length (typically as parasites of very large animals such as whales). 
Most nematodes eat bacteria, fungi and protozoans, although some are filter feeders. Excretion is through a separate excretory pore.
Nematodes have a simple nervous system, with a main nerve cord running along the ventral side. 
In free-living species, development usually consists of four molts of the cuticle during growth. Different species feed on materials as varied as algae, fungi, small animals, fecal matter, dead organisms and living tissues. One roundworm of note is "Caenorhabditis elegans", which lives in the soil and has found much use as a model organism. "C. elegans" has had its entire genome sequenced, as well as the developmental fate of every cell determined, and every neuron mapped.
Nematodes that are parasitic on animals often have quite complicated life cycles, moving between several different hosts or locations in the host's body. Infection occurs variously by eating uncooked meat with larvae in it, by entrance into unprotected cuts or directly through the skin, by transfer via blood-sucking insects, etc. 
In contrast, entomopathogenic nematodes parasitize insects and are considered by humans to be beneficial.
One form of nematode is entirely dependent upon the wasps which are the sole source of fig fertilization. They prey upon the wasps, riding them from the ripe fig of the wasp's birth to the fig flower of its death, where they kill the wasp, and their offspring await the birth of the next generation of wasps as the fig ripens. 
Plant parasitic nematodes include several groups causing severe crop losses. The most common genera are: "Aphelenchoides" (foliar nematodes), "Meloidogyne" (root-knot nematodes), "Heterodera", "Globodera" (cyst nematodes) such as the potato root nematode, "Nacobbus", "Pratylenchus" (lesion nematodes), "Ditylenchus", "Xiphinema", "Longidorus", "Trichodorus". Several phytoparasitic nematode species cause histological damages to roots, including the formation of visible galls ("Meloidogyne") which are useful characters for their diagnostic in the field. Some nematode species transmit plant viruses through their feeding activity on roots. One of them is "Xiphinema index", vector of GFLV (Grapevine Fanleaf Virus), an important disease of grapes.
Other nematodes attack bark and forest trees. The most important representative of this group is "Bursaphelenchus xylophilus", the pine wood nematode, present in Asia and America and recently discovered in Europe.
The largest known nematode is "Dioctophyma renale", the giant kidney worm, a parasite most commonly found in mink but also in dogs and humans, that can reach up to 103 cm in length.
Depending on the species, a nematode may be beneficial or detrimental to a gardener's cause.
From a gardening perspective, there are two categories of nematode: predatory ones, which will kill garden pests like cutworms or Japanese beetle grubs, and pest nematodes, like the root-knot nematode, which attack garden plants.
Predatory nematodes can be bred by soaking a specific recipe of leaves and other detritus in water, in a dark, cool place, and can even be purchased as an organic form of pest control.
The Nippon daisy ("Nipponanthemum nipponicum", synonyms include "Chrysanthemum nipponicum" and "Leucanthemum nipponicum") is a large bushy perennial which is grown for its good foliage and the large daisy-like flowers in mid- to late autumn. 
The plant grows as a mounded, shrub-like perennial up to 3 ft. tall with a wider spread. The leaves are a good dark green, and can be semi-evergreen. Flowers are heads 2-4" wide, with white rays and yellow disks. Stems are stout, green but turning light brown when old, and can root at the nodes if they are allowed to contact the soil.
Nippon daisy prefers full sun and a rich, well-drained soil. It can survive drought but may wilt temporarily if the soil becomes extremely dry. This plant becomes very large very quickly, so should be sited somewhere where there is ample space. 
While there are few cultivars of this species, it has been used as a parent plant for hybrid chrysanthemums.
Grown for fall display and as a cut flower.
The plants can be cut back by 1/2 in midsummer to encourage a more compact, bushy habit, but it will be completely covered in blooms at the end of the season even if not cut back.
Propagate by layering or division. Cuttings with buds can be rooted indoors over winter and planted outdoors in spring, but will not mature enough to bloom for several years.
As a cut flower, Nippon daisy has a long life in the vase if cut soon after they fully expand. Unopened flowers do not mature well.
This plant rarely has serious problems, but can get the same pests and diseases as Chrysanthemums. 
PLANTS database page, USDA
No-till or No-dig gardening is an approach to cultivation favored by many organic gardeners. The primary reasons for digging the soil are to remove weeds, to loosen and aerate the soil and to incorporate organic matter such as compost or manure. However, there is a strong case against digging, which argues that in the long term it can be detrimental to the soil's health. While digging is an effective way of removing perennial weed roots, it can also cause dormant seeds to come to the surface and germinate. Digging can also damage soil structure, cause problems like compaction, and disturb and damage balances of the soil flora and fauna. Also, by exposure to the air, digging tends to use up nutrients which then need to be replenished.
No-dig methods rely on nature to carry out cultivation operations. Organic matter such as well rotted manure, compost, leaf mold, spent mushroom compost, old straw, etc., is added directly to the soil surface as a mulch at least 2 or 3 inches deep, which is then incorporated by the actions of earthworms and other soil animals that move it downwards. Worms and other soil life also assist in building up the soil's structure, their tunnels providing aeration and drainage, and their excretions bind together soil crumbs. No-dig systems are said to be freer of pests and disease, possibly due to a more balanced soil population being allowed to build up in this comparatively undisturbed environment, and by encouraging the build up of beneficial rather than harmful soil fungi. Moisture is also retained more efficiently under mulch than on the surface of bare earth.
Converting to a no-dig system is a long term process, and is reliant upon having plentiful organic matter to provide mulch material. It is also necessary to thoroughly remove any perennial weed roots from the area beforehand, although their hold can be weakened by applying a light-excluding surface layer such as large sheets of cardboard or several thicknesses of spread out newspaper (overlapped to provide thorough cover) before adding the compost mulch.
No-dig is not a technique that is appropriate in all situations, but organic gardeners and farmers should at least consider minimizing soil-disturbing practices if they are to reverse soil damage and erosion.
No-dig gardening systems are strongly recommended by Dr. Shewell Cooper of the Good Gardeners Association.
w:Aquaponics 
w:Masanobu Fukuoka Farming
w:Veganic gardening
No Till Gardening
Basil ("Ocimum basilicum", family Lamiaceae) is also known as St. Joseph's Wort and Sweet Basil. It is a tender low-growing herb, originally native to tropical Asia. It grows to between 20–60 cm tall, with opposite, light green, silky leaves 1.5–5 cm long and 1–3 cm broad. It tastes somewhat like anise, with a strong, pungent, sweet smell. Basil is very sensitive to cold, with best growth in hot, dry conditions. While most common varieties are treated as annuals, some are perennial, including African Blue and Holy Thai basil.
The word "basil" comes from the Greek βασιλευς, meaning "king", as it is believed to have grown above the spot where St. Constantine and Helen discovered the Holy Cross. The "Oxford English Dictionary" quotes speculations that basil may have been used in "some royal unguent, bath, or medicine". Basil is still considered the "king of herbs" by many cookery authors. An alternative etymology has "basil" coming from the Latin word "basilicus", meaning dragon and being the root for basilisk, but this likely was a linguistic reworking of the word as brought from Greece.
Basil is most commonly recommended to be used fresh, and in cooked recipes, is generally added at the last moment, as cooking destroys the flavour quickly. The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator, or for a longer period in the freezer, after being blanched quickly in boiling water. Place fresh leaves in a dry jar with a pinch of salt, and cover with olive oil. The dried herb also loses most of its flavour, and what little flavour remains tastes very different, with a weak coumarin flavour, like hay. But because most Americans either lack the dedication or resources to maintain a supply of fresh herbs, the most common household use of basil in the US is through containers of dried basil purchased from stores.
Mediterranean, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisines frequently use basil, the former frequently combining it with tomato. Basil is one of the main ingredients in pesto — a green Italian oil-and-herb sauce from the city of Genoa, its other two main ingredients being olive oil and pine nuts. The most commonly used Mediterranean basil cultivars are 'Genovese', 'Purple Ruffles', 'Mammoth', 'Cinnamon', 'Lemon', 'Globe', and 'African Blue'. Chinese cuisine also uses fresh or dried basils in soups and other foods. In Taiwan, people add fresh basil leaves into thick soups (羹湯; gēngtāng). They also eat fried chicken with deep-fried basil leaves.
Basil is sometimes used with fresh fruit and in fruit jams and sauces — in particular with strawberries, but also raspberries or dark-colored plums. Arguably the flat-leaf basil used in Vietnamese cooking, which has a slightly different flavour, is more suitable for use with fruit.
When soaked in water the seeds of several basil varieties become gelatinous, and are used in Asian drinks and desserts such as falooda or sherbet. Such seeds are known variously as "sabja", "subja", "takmaria", "tukmaria", or "falooda" seeds. They are used for their medicinal properties in Ayurveda, the traditional medicinal system of India.
Several other basils, including some other "Ocimum" species, are grown in many regions of Asia. Most of the Asian basils have a clove-like flavour that is generally stronger than the Mediterranean basils. In China, the local cultivar is called 九層塔 ("jiǔcéngtǎ"; literally "nine-level pagoda"), while the imported varieties are specifically called 羅勒 ("luólè") or 巴西里 ("bāxīlǐ").
Basil is also very popular in Thai cuisine, which uses cultivars of two different species: the type known in the west as Thai Basil, which is a cultivar of "O. basilicum", and Holy Basil ("Ocimum sanctum").
'Lemon basil' has a strong lemony smell and flavour very different from those of other varieties, because it contains a chemical called citral. It is widely used in Indonesia, where it is called "kemangi" and served raw, together with raw cabbage, green beans, and cucumber, as an accompaniment to fried fish or duck. Its flowers, broken up, are a zesty salad condiment.
Basil thrives in hot weather, but behaves as an annual if there is any chance of a frost. In Northern Europe, the northern states of the U.S., and the South Island of New Zealand it will grow best if sown under glass in a peat pot, then planted out in late spring/early summer (when there is little chance of a frost). It fares best in a well-drained sunny spot.
Although basil will grow best outdoors, it can be grown indoors in a pot and, like most herbs, will do best on a south-facing windowsill (in the Northern Hemisphere). It should be kept away from any draughts, and must be able to get plenty of sunlight, therefore a greenhouse or cloche is ideal if available.
If its leaves have wilted from lack of water, it will recover if watered thoroughly and placed in a sunny location. Yellow leaves towards the bottom of the plant are an indication that the plant needs more sunlight or less fertilizer.
In sunnier climates such as Southern Europe, the southern states of the U.S., the North Island of New Zealand, and Australia, basil will thrive when planted outside. It also thrives over the summertime in the central and northern United States, but dies out when temperatures reach the low thirties, to grow again the next year if it was allowed to go to seed. It will need regular watering, but not as much attention as is needed in other climates.
Basil can also be propagated very reliably from cuttings in exactly the same manner as "Busy Lizzie" (Impatiens), with the stems of short cuttings suspended for two weeks or so in water until roots develop.
Leaf production slows or stops on any stem which flowers, so you can pinch off any flower stems to keep the plant in production, or pinch off some stems while leaving others to bloom for decoration or seeds. Once you do let the plant flower, it will produce seed pods containing small black seeds which you can save and plant the following year. Picking the leaves off the plant helps "promote growth", largely because the plant responds by converting pairs of leaflets next to the topmost leaves into new stems.
Onopordum acanthium (Cotton thistle, Scotch thistle, Scottish thistle, Spear thistle) is a flowering plant in the Family ../Asteraceae/. Other common names include, Scotch thistle, and Scotch cotton thistle. Native to Europe, North Africa and Asia, it is a vigorous, biennial with coarse, spiny leaves and conspicuous spiny-winged stems.
The botanical name is derived from the Greek words onos (donkey), perdo (to consume), and acanthos (thorn), meaning 'thorny plant eaten by donkeys'. The common name Cotton thistle derives from the cotton-like hairs on the leaves; the name Scotch thistle comes from a legend that the plant's thorny thickets helped protect Scotland from the Vikings. Oral folklore holds that as Vikings attempted to sneak up at night to attack and raid Scottish villages, they were stuck by the thistles' thorns and cried out in pain, alerting the townsfolk to the attack and allowing them to fight back and drive back the invaders. Following this the Thistle was adopted as the floral emblem of Scotland.
Cotton thistle is a biennial plant, producing a large rosette of spiny leaves the first year. The plants typically germinate in the autumn after the first rains and exist as rosettes throughout the first year, forming a stout, fleshy taproot that may extend down 30 cm or more for a food reserve.
In the second year, the plant grows (0.2-) 0.5–3 m tall and a width of 1.5 m. The leaves are 10–50 cm wide, are alternate and spiny, often covered with white woolly hairs, with the lower surface more densely covered than the upper. The leaves are deeply lobed with long, stiff spines along the margins. The leaves have winged appearance that continues down the stems of the plant. Fine hairs give the plant a greyish appearance (Global). The massive, main stem may be 10 cm wide at the base, and is branched in the upper part. Each stem shows a vertical rows of broad, spiny wings (conspicuous ribbon-like leafy material), typically 2-3 cm wide, extending to the base of the flower head.
The flowers are globe-shaped, 3-5 cm in diameter, from dark pink to lavender, and are produced in the summer from July to September. The flower buds form first at the tip of the stem and later at the tip of the axillary branches. The flower heads exist singly or in groups of 2 or 3 on branch tips. They are androgynous, with both pistil and stamens, and sit above numerous, long, stiff, spine-tipped bracts, all pointing outwards, the lower ones wider apart and pointing downwards. After flowering, the ovary starts swelling and forms about 8,400 to 40,000 seeds per plant.
It prefers habitats with dry summers, such as the Mediterranean, growing in sandy, sandy clay and calcareous soils, rich in ammonium salts. It grows in ruderal places, as well as dry pastures and disturbed fields. Its preferred habitats are natural areas, disturbed sites, roadsides, fields, and especially sites with fertile soils (Encycloweedia), agricultural areas, range/grasslands, riparian zones, scrub/shrublands, water courses.
Cotton thistle reproduces only by seeds. Most seeds germinate in fall after the first rains, but some seeds can germinate year round under favorable moisture and temperature conditions. Seeds that germinate in late fall become biennials. But when they germinate earlier, they can behave as annuals. Buried seed can remain viable in the soil seed bank for at least 7 years and possibly 20 years or more. Yearly seed production and seed dormancy are highly variable depending on environmental conditions. These slender and smooth achenes are about 3 mm long and are brown with gray markings. They are tipped with a pappus of slender bristles. They are mainly locally dispersed by wind, or more widely by humans, birds, wildlife, livestock or streams. The seeds are sensitive to light and only germinate when close to the surface. Seedlings will emerge from soil depths up to 4.5 cm, with 0.5 cm being optimal.
In the late 19th century, it was introduced to North America and temperate Australia as an ornamental plant, and is now considered a major agricultural and wildland noxious weed problem in areas it has been introduced. It is difficult to eradicate because of its drought resistance. It can spread rapidly and in the end dense stands prohibit foraging by livestock. Infestations of Cotton thistle often start in disturbed areas such as roadways, campsites, burned areas, and ditch banks. The weed adapts best to areas along rivers and streams, but can be a serious problem in pastures, grain fields, and range areas. A single Cotton thistle is imposing enough, but an entire colony can ruin a pasture or destroy a park or campsite, sometimes forming tall, dense, impenetrable stands. Besides creating an impenetrable barrier to humans and animals, Cotton thistle nearly eliminates forage use by livestock and some mammal species such as deer and elk.
Known infestations include most of the Pacific Northwest along with Colorado, Wyoming, Nebraska, and South Dakota. On western rangeland, infestations directly result in significant economic losses for ranchers.
Cotton thistle is sold as an ornamental plant. It has reportedly been used to treat cancers and ulcers and to diminish discharges of mucous membranes. The receptacle was eaten in earlier times like an artichoke. The cottony hairs on the stem have been occasionally collected to stuff pillows. Oil from Cotton thistle seeds has been used in Europe for burning and cooking. Cotton thistle is the national emblem of Scotland, dating from the time of James III of Scotland. The thistle is also part of the logo of Encyclopædia Britannica.
Organic Gardening (also called Organic Horticulture) is a growing practice among gardeners around the world, as an alternative to gardening through the use of synthetic chemicals. This wikibook contains techniques and tips for gardeners wishing to use organic methods.
While the movement behind organic gardening began as a "back to basics" movement, over the past several decades the practice has become enriched by scientific research in the fields of ecology, ethnobotany, microbiology, and agronomy.
The practice of organic gardening can be described as "gardening with a limited toolbox", since organic gardeners do not use synthetic fertilizers or other synthetic chemicals. Non-synthetic fertilisers and chemicals can be used, however, depending on the gardeners preference.
Horticulture does not (at least presently) have separate pages for organic gardeners, but rather points out the "organic remedies" when a particular issue is discussed. 
Organic Gardening
Organic lawn care is a method of establishing and caring for a garden lawn without the use of synthetic chemical inputs such as pesticides, herbicides, or artificial fertilisers. Using organic practices on a lawn is a good way to avoid exposure to potentially harmful chemicals, since among all the elements of the garden, the lawn is the part that humans come in contact with the most often, either through walking or sitting on the lawn, as well as through exposure to pets that have been on the lawn.
Managed organically, the lawn can be more than simply a green carpet and can contribute to the overall biodiversity and richness of the garden ecosystem. Organic lawns can be valuable habitats in their own right, providing a home for a variety of insects, birds and other wildlife. Indeed, by relaxing a little and allowing the grass to grow longer, we will find that the lawn becomes healthier, requires less work and even becomes more visually interesting.
An important principle of organic lawn care is the choosing of grasses that will suit the location and the type of lawn required, and the uses that will be expected of it. Hard wearing grass mixes can be chosen for lawns used for football and play, whilst shady spots or a fine quality ‘ornamental’ lawn would have different requirements. 
Cool season grasses are grown in climates with cold winters. They are evergreen, but may go dormant in midsummer.
Warm season grasses do well in hot climates. They are green throughout the heat of summer, but will go dormant during cold weather.
The frequency and height of cut will depend on the use to which the lawn will be put. By varying them the lawn can have either a formal appearance or a more natural look. There are a wide variety of lawnmowers available, and again, these should be chosen to be appropriate to needs and circumstances. For a small lawn a hand push mower with cylinder cutting blades would be sufficient, but for larger areas it might be worthwhile to consider the benefits of power mowers, including mulching mowers. These chop the cut grass into tiny fragments which are then blown down close to the soil surface where they will quickly decompose, recycling nutrients and adding fertility to the turf. Regular mowing should only be required during the growing season between spring and autumn. Frequency will depend upon speed of growth, which will vary according to conditions, but generally speaking a weekly trim will be sufficient in early spring, increasing to twice a week later on, especially on play areas or that are required to be neater. Grass growth decreases again in autumn, and whilst the grass will still grow in winter, it isn’t usually necessary to mow, besides which conditions are often too wet.
Longer grass tends to resist drought better than short grass, and is more able to compete with weed growth. Most lawn areas can be cut to about 3 cm (1.5”), although may be shorter in play areas. Lawn mowings should never be discarded, instead should be either composted, used as a high nitrogen compost activator or used as a mulch around trees, shrubs or vegetables.
The organic gardener can recreate the traditional ‘stripe’ pattern favoured in more formal landscapes simply by using a cylinder mower or one fitted with a rear roller, but these can be a chore to maintain. Instead interest and wildlife friendly habitats can be created by mowing large lawn areas to different heights, leaving some areas to grow long with mown ‘paths’ between them.
Lawn edges can be trimmed with long handled shears, which avoid the need to bend down, and occasionally cut to a clean border edge using a spade or half-moon edge cutter.
Lawns do not have to consist of only grasses, indeed they will be colonised by a variety of other plant species. A tolerant attitude will see this as an asset rather than a problem to be eradicated. For example, allowing clover ("Trifolium" spp.) to spread will feed the grass with nitrogen. The grass will therefore grow more strongly and will be a deeper green, and will not require artificial nitrogen fertilisers. Yarrow ("Achillea millefolium") will also grow very well in the lawn, and is a valuable plant in its own right, being rich in minerals and greatly enriching the compost heap. It will also increase the vigour of grass and its resistance to disease. Yarrow also has medicinal properties, and if left uncut will produce beautiful white flowers. Daisies ("Bellis perennis") will also brighten any lawn, often flowering even into the depths of winter, whilst another attractive lawn flower, the dandelion ("Taraxacum officinale") has a wealth of uses, all parts are edible and it has medicinal properties. In addition its deep tap root will mine minerals from deep in the subsoil to be made available via the compost heap. Other valuable wild plants that will often make themselves at home in the organic lawn include chicory ("Cichorium intybus"), catsear ("Hypochoeris radicata"), melilot ("Melilotus officinalis"), salad burnet ("Sanguisorba minor"), plantain ("Plantago spp."), rough hawkbit ("Leontodon hispidus") and coltsfoot ("Tussilago farfara").
If however weeds do become a problem, there are organic methods which can be used to control them, including;
Moss can be a problem on some lawns, thriving in moist or waterlogged conditions, but also on drier soils where fertility is poor and acidity high (in particular, under evergreen trees). Moss will colonise in shady areas and spread over soil where the grass is mown too short. Moss does not withstand foot traffic as well as grasses, and trampled moss can result in bare soil and soil loss. Moss can be controlled by regular raking in spring and autumn. Bare patches should be re-seeded, and a poor lawn should be fed, for example with seaweed meal. In addition, mower blades should be raised to 2.5 cm (1”), drainage should be improved (see below) and limestone or dolomitic lime added to raise the Soil pH levels. Moss is valuable to birds as nesting material, so the wildlife conscious organic gardener may opt to leave some areas of mossy lawn for this reason.
Lawn pests can include;
The lawn is made up of millions of individual plants, and as with other parts of the garden, a healthy and fertile soil with a good soil structure is essential to obtaining good results. Feeding the lawn should not be necessary unless growth is poor, in which case an organic fertilizer such as seaweed meal can be raked in as a top dressing, or else garden compost can be thinly spread over the lawn surface.
An annual top dressing consisting of a mix of 3 parts sharp sand, 1 part loam and 1 part bulky organic material on heavy soils where moss is a problem can be beneficial, as can 2 parts loam to 3 parts bulky organic material on lighter, free-draining sandy lawns. Over-fertilizing a lawn, however, can actually reduce biodiversity. Many plants, in particular legumes such as Clover, thrive in nitrogen-poor lawns, and adding nitrogen can eliminate these plants.
Acid soil conditions can cause a build up of fibrous organic matter and debris called thatch, and can also encourage weeds such as sheep’s sorrel. If the pH is below 5.5-6, lime the area to raise it to around 7. Ground limestone ordolomiticc lime evenly sprinkled over the lawn and gently raked in is the appropriate organic treatment. Repeat annually if required until the desired pH is reached. Vigorously raking the lawn in autumn with a lawn rake to remove debris and leaves is known as scarifying. In addition to preventing diseases and removing obstructions to the growing grass, this process will help the lawn to thicken up by encouraging side shoot production.
Aerating the lawn is the process of creating holes in the soil in order to improve drainage and increase air circulation, and can be particularly beneficial on compacted areas. This is best carried out in early autumn when the soil is moist. A special hollow tined aerator can be used, which takes out a core of soil about 10 cm (4”) deep, or else the soil can simply be spiked with a fork on small areas. Most lawns should not need to be aerated more than once every three years or so.
Lawns are usually established with grasses, but other evergreen species can be used. These include chamomile ("Chamaemelum nobilee"), which releases a sweet, apple like scent when crushed underfoot, and is thus very useful in a sensory landscape, or as a feature in the herb garden. However such a lawn will not tolerate heavy wear. The non flowering clone Treneaguee’ is especially suitable for the establishment of a chamomile lawn as it is naturally low growing. Cotulaa’ has fern like leaves and is more hard-wearing, but will not survive temperatures below −4 °C (25 °F). Another alternative, particularly where space is abundant, might be to establish a wild flower meadow. Simply leave some areas uncut and see what comes up, or else a wild flower meadow can be created by using one of the numerous seed mixes that are available that include a selection of wild flowers and grasses. Wild flowers prefer poorer soils, so should not be fertilized. Mowing is carried out infrequently, preferably on a sunny day after a period of dry weather. Mowings should be left on the ground to dry out, then shaken well in order to release any seed, but should not be left to break down as this will tend to raise fertility levels.
In shady yards, a grassy lawn can be particularly difficult to maintain. Grasses are best adapted to full sunlight, and in shade tend to be out-competed by a variety of plants, including mosses, Ground ivy, and other plants. These plants can combine to form a robust ground-cover that can withstand periodic mowing and some foot traffic. Mowing in such shade lawns needs to be carried out less often, since the plants grow more slowly due to the lack of sunlight. Care should be taken to not mow the lawn too close to the ground, as shady yards tend to have less dense growth, and removal of too many plants can lead to soil loss. In the most shaded yards, many people choose to forgo mowed lawns entirely and choose instead to use a ground cover that does not require mowing.
Organic Lawn Care
Organic pesticides are pesticides that are acceptable in organic growing practices. As a rule, they are derived from botanical sources, unprocessed minerals, or are biological agents. 
Organic weed management is a particular approach to garden weed control that does not make use of synthetic chemicals. All of the weed profiles in Horticulture include both organic and non-organic methods for controlling particular weeds, since the only excluded methods are those that use the various synthetic herbicides: otherwise the methods are identical.
Organic weed control is most difficult when there are well-established perennial weeds, particularly in densely planted gardens. While methods such as paper mulch barriers often work well in these situations, they may not be appropriate in mixed borders with shallow-rooted shrubs. In these cases, vigilance in pulling or cultivating is the only available approach.
Organic Weed Management
The black vine weevil, "Otiorhynchus sulcatus", is native to Europe, but common in North America as well. This weevil is a pest of many garden plants, causing the most damage on evergreen trees and shrubs. 
The adult weevil is black with fused wing covers, and is unable to fly. Adults feed at night on the outer edges of leaves, causing the leaves to have a notched margin. 
Grubs live below the soil surface, and feed on the roots and on the cambium at the base of the trunk. 
Host plants include but are not limited to the following genera:
Foods
Grasses
Creeping wood sorrel ("Oxalis corniculata"), also known as yellow wood sorrel and procumbent yellow sorrel, is a somewhat delicate-appearing, low-growing, herbaceous plant in the family Oxalidaceae. It is commonly found as a weed of lawns, gardens, and pathways.
This woodsorrel is a low-growing, herbaceaous plant with a narrow, creeping stem that readily roots at the nodes. The trifoliate leaves are subdivided into three rounded leaflets and resemble a shamrock. Some varieties have green leaves, while others have purple leaves, like the "Oxalis corniculata" var. "atropurpurea" shown in the photo. The leaves have inconspicuous stipules at the base of each petiole.
The fruit is a narrow, cylindrical capsule, 1 to 2 cm long and noteworthy for its explosive discharge of the contained, 1 mm long seeds.
This species is cosmopolitan in its distribution, and its place of origin is unknown. It is regarded as weed in gardens, agricultural fields, and lawns.
The leaves of wood sorrel are edible, having a tangy taste. A drink can be made by infusing the leaves in hot water for about 10 minutes, sweetening and then chilling. The entire plant is rich in Vitamin C. Although wood sorrel is safe in low dosages, it can inhibit calcium absorption by the body if eaten in large quantities over a length of time.
Control of this plant can be difficult because it can grow back from small stem and root fragments.
Yellow Woodsorrel ("Oxalis stricta") is an annual woodland and meadow plant native to North America, where it is among the most common garden weeds. 
From late spring through autumn, it produces yellow flowers which are quickly followed by explosively opening seed capsules. 
The flowers, seed pods and leaves are edible with a taste similar to lemons, green grapes and sunshine all rolled into one. 
Packera obovata is a wildflower native to eastern North America, where it grows in low meadows and fields. It is sometimes included in native wildflower mixes.
Paeonia obovata is one of the herbaceous peonies, native to Japan and eastern Asia. It is grown in part for the spring flowers, but even more so for the attractive fruits.
The Pansy or Pansy Violet is a low-growing plant cultivated for its showy flowers. It is derived from the wildflower called the Heartsease or Johnny Jump Up ("Viola tricolor"), and is sometimes given the subspecies name "Viola tricolor hortensis". However, many garden varieties are hybrids and are referred to as "Viola × wittrockiana". The name "pansy" also appears as part of the common name of a number of wild flowers belonging, like the cultivated Pansy, to the violet genus "../Viola/". One or two unrelated flowers such as the Pansy Monkeyflower also have "pansy" in their name. 
The pansy gets its name from the French word "pensee" meaning "thought". It was so named because the flower resembles a human face and in August it nods forward as if deep in thought. Because of the origin of its name, the Pansy has long been a symbol of Freethought and has been used in the literature of the American Secular Union. Humanists like the symbol also, as the pansy's current appearance was developed from the Heartsease by two centuries of intentional cross-breeding of wild plant hybrids. The Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) uses the pansy symbol extensively in its lapel pins and literature.
The pansy has two top petals overlapping slightly, two side petals, beards where the three lower petals join the center of the flower, a single bottom petal with a slight indentation. The flowers are referred to as "faces".
Pansies have extensively bred for colors ranging from gold and orange though to purple, violet, and a blue so deep as to be almost black. They are quite a hardy plant, growing well in sunny or partially sunny positions. Pansies are technically biennials that normally have two-year life cycles. The first year they only produce greenery; they bear flowers and seeds in their second year of growth, and afterwards die like annuals. 
Most gardeners buy biennials as packs of young plants from the garden center and plant them directly into the garden soil. Gardeners interested in rarer cultivars can plant seeds indoors in early November for plants ready in the spring. Under good conditions, pansies and viola are perennial plants, although they are generally treated as annual or biennial plants because they get very leggy and overgrown after a few years. The mature plant grows to 9 inches (23 cm) high, and the flowers are two to three inches (about 6 cm) in diameter. 
Pansies are hardy in USDA plant hardiness zone 4-8. They can survive light freezes or a little snow, but not for very long. In warmer climates, USDA plant hardiness zones 9-11, pansies can bloom over the winter, and are often planted in the fall. In these climates, pansies have been known to reseed themselves and come back the next year. Pansies are not very heat-tolerant - once the temperature gets over a certain point they will become leggy and stop blooming.
Pansies should be watered thoroughly about once a week, depending on climate and recent rainfall. For maximum bloom, plant food about every other week, according to the plant food directions. Regular deadheading can extend the blooming period.
Diseases
The plant may collapse without warning in the middle of season. The foliage will flag and lose color. Flowers will fade and shrivel prematurely. Stem will snap at the soil line if tugged slightly.
The plant is probably a total loss unless tufted.
Soil-borne fungus. Possible hazard with unsterilized animal manure.
Use Cheshunt or modern Benomyl fungicide prior to planting. Destroy (burn) infected plants.
2 parts finely ground copper sulphate
11 parts fresh ammonium carbonate
Mix thoroughly and stand for 2 hours in sealed container. Dissolve 1 ounce (28 g) in a little hot water and add this to 2 gallons of cold water and use immediately.
"Puccinia aegra" fungal infection. Yellow-brown spots on leaves and stem. Spray with Benomyl or Sulphide of Potassium (1 ounce to 2 1/2 gallons)
"Ramularia deflectens" fungal infection. Dark spots on leaf margins followed by a white web covering the leaves. Associated with cool damp springs. Spray with fungicide.
"Oidium" fungal infection. Violet-gray powder on fringes and underside of leaves. Caused by stagnant air. Can be limited but not necessarily eliminated by spraying (especially leaf undersides).
Transmitted by aphids. Fine yellow veining on young leaves, stunted growth, anomalous flowers. Virus can lay dormant, affect the entire plant and be passed to next generations and to other species. Prevention is key: purchase healthy plants, use ph-balanced soil which is neither too damp not too dry. Soil should have balanced amounts of nitrogen, phosphate, potash. Eliminate other diseases which may weaken the plant.
Lay sharp, gritty sand or top-dress soil with chipped bark. Clean area of leaves and foreign matter, etc.
Spray with diluted soft soap (2 ounce per gallon)
Aphids are microscopic and lay eggs.
The Common Stalk Borer, "Papaipema nebris", is a pest of a very wide range of host plants. 
Caterpillars are brown with a white dorsal stripe, primarily living inside the stalks or twigs of host plants, but migrating between hosts as they grow. Adults are gray moths.
Tunnelling of stalks and twigs.
Overwintering as pupae in weedy areas. More problematic in no-till systems, since plowing under provides good control.
One of the most effective ways to control perennial weeds in the organic garden is to use the Newspaper-and-Mulch Method. The action is quite simple: the newspaper acts as a physical barrier which prevents perennial weeds from growing above-ground, which over time starves the plant, since it is unable to photosynthesize. The results are very good if it’s done properly.
This method should not be used around some shallow-rooted shrubs (particularly some plants in ../Ericaceae/). Digging dogs and squirrels can undo the barriers as well, so the treated areas need to be monitored carefully if these animals are present in the garden. 
Once all the materials are together, it’s time to prepare the area for application. If it is a new bed (without ornamental plants already growing), start by mowing or weed-wacking as close to the ground as possible. Tilling is also an option, as long as you can get the soil good and smooth afterwards, and compact it a bit with a rake. Make sure that the outermost 6 inches or so of the bed are as weed-free as possible, so plants can't just grow around the barrier.
If there are already ornamental plants growing, more care is needed. Shrubs and small trees with shallow root systems will not appreciate having paper on their roots, so you’ll need to carefully hand-weed within their driplines. Outside the dripline, cultivate just as you would on a new bed. Perennials are usually OK with the newspaper laid within 4” of their crowns. 
If the bed is badly invaded with running weeds like bindweed, thistle, goutweed, it’s usually better to just cut everything down to the ground, transplant and quarantine the shrubs, and apply newspaper to the entire area.
Prepare the newspaper by thoroughly soaking it in water to give it weight and help it bind together. The easiest system for doing this is to have two tubs of water, so one tub can be used for soaking while you pull paper out of the other one. 
Once the paper is thoroughly wet, begin laying it down on top of the soil. Use whole sections, not unfolded, and let them overlap by 1/2, so that the entire soil surface has 2 sections on it, at least 1/4 inch thick (1/2 inch is even better). Once the paper is down, pat the sections together so they’ll start to form a continuous layer. This layer will keep perennial weeds or turf from poking through, effectively smothering the weeds and denying them light. Leave at least 2 inches on the outer portion of the bed to allow for edging without having to cut through the paper.
Once the paper is down, and before it starts to dry, start laying down mulch on top. Don’t dump wheelbarrows on the paper, but instead place it by hand, to avoid disturbing the newspaper as much as possible (unlike mulching without a barrier, it's actually better to go from front to back, rather than back to front). Put on enough mulch to thoroughly cover the paper, as this will not only look nicer, but will also prevent the wind from blowing the paper around the yard. 
If it’s a “must plant” location, use 6 inches of compost instead of mulch, and grow annuals and shallow rooting vegetables on top (keep in mind that you’ll need to water the bed more often than the surrounding soil, because soil moisture will not wick up through the paper barrier as much as it would if the paper wasn’t there). With that much compost sitting atop the bed, it’s a good idea to use some logs on the edge (on top of the paper) to keep it from washing into adjacent areas.
As a rule, you’ll want to leave the bed alone for about a year to ensure that the perennial weeds are completely smothered. Use the area in the meantime for containers, ornaments, to store new plant acquisitions in, or as the quarantine site for any shrubs you might have moved. 
Make a regular inspection for tenacious weeds that might try to pop through the paper, and if you see any, brush the mulch aside, find the hole they’re using, and add a patch layer of newspapers to seal it up.
Once you’ve had a full year without any weeds poking through, it’s safe to till the bed and start growing in it. Keep in mind that there will still be weed seeds in the soil, but the pernicious perennials will be history, as long as you keep on top of the new seedlings. If using a tiller, remove any large pieces of paper and add them to the compost pile, as they are a carbon source and may divert nitrogen from the soil.
Paper Mulch Barriers
Paulownia tomentosa (also known as the Empress Tree, Princess Tree or Foxglove Tree; pao tong 泡桐 in Chinese) is a deciduous flowering tree native to central and western China, but invasive in the US . 
It grows to 10-25 m tall, with large heart-shaped to five-lobed leaves 15-40 cm across, arranged in opposite pairs on the stem. On young growth, the leaves may be in whorls of three and be much bigger than the leaves on more mature growth (image comparing large and small trees). The characteristic large size of the young growth is exploited by gardeners : by pollarding the tree and ensuring there is vigorous new growth every year, massive leaves are produced (up to 60cm across). These are popular in the modern style of gardening which uses large-foliaged and "architectural" plants. The flowers are produced before the leaves in early spring, on panicles 10-30 cm long, with a tubular purple corolla 4-6 cm long resembling a foxglove flower. The fruit is a dry egg-shaped capsule 3-4 cm long, containing numerous tiny seeds. The seeds are winged and disperse by wind and water. Pollarded trees do not produce flowers, as these only form on mature wood.
Paulownia tomentosa can survive wildfire because the roots can regenerate new, very fast-growing stems. It is tolerant of pollution and it is not fussy about soil type. For this reason it functions ecologically as a pioneer plant. Its nitrogen-rich leaves provide good fodder and its roots prevent soil erosion. Eventually, "Paulownia" is succeeded by taller trees that shade it. It cannot thrive in the shade of other trees.
The soft, lightweight seeds were commonly used as a packing material by Chinese porcelain exporters in the 19th century, before the development of polystyrene packaging. Packing cases would often leak or burst open in transit and scatter the seeds along rail tracks. This, together with seeds released by specimens deliberately planted for ornament, has allowed the species to become an invasive weed tree in areas where the climate is suitable for its growth, notably Japan and the eastern United States. 
In China, an old custom is to plant an Empress Tree when a baby girl is born. The fast-growing tree matures when she does. When she is eligible for marriage the tree is cut down and carved into wooden articles for her dowry, and carving the wood of Paulownia is an art form in Japan and China. 
In the late 20th Century, permaculture started to become used as a design tool by gardeners and farmers as a way to ecologically design gardens.
Permaculture had 3 main guiding design ideas:
Permaculture
Smartweeds are a group of plants in the genus "Persicaria", which are usually encountered either as wildflowers or as weeds of lawns and gardens. The majority are annuals. 
Plants in this genus have swollen nodes and alternate, simple, spearhead-shaped leaves. The small flowers are held above the foliage on spikes, and are either pink or white. Flowers are borne from late spring through mid autumn, the seeds are likewise white or pink. Plants can be prostrate or bushy, depending on growing conditions and species.
Smartweeds can be aggressive weeds of lawns and gardens, walkways, and patios, growing in both rich and poor soils.
Like buckwheat (which is closely related), the smartweeds can be used as a cover crop or green manure source, though self-seeding can become a nuisance if the plants are not mowed down before the seeds mature. 
Some species and varieties are also grown as ornamental plants.
Pest Barriers are used in the garden to keep pest animals away from plants. Barriers include everything from electric fences (for large animals) to row covers (for flying insects) to kaolin sprays.
This is a template of sorts...
Barriers prevent the pest from reaching the plant.
Repellents are chemicals (or plants containing those chemicals) that make the pest avoid the plant.
Physical removal means removing the pests by hand, crushing them, blasting them with water, vacuuming them up, etc.
Trap crops are plants that the pest prefers over the plants you are trying to protect.
Poisons are chemicals that kill the pest. Most poisons are specific.
Pest Control Methods
Pest Profiles
Pest repellents keep pests away from plants (or in some cases people or pets), without necessarily being lethal to the pest.
Many garden pests can be controlled or monitored for using traps. Traps attract the pest using food scents, pheromones, colors, or a combination of these to attract pests.
Pesticides are substances that are poisonous to garden pests.
../Aphids/
../Mealybugs/
../Beetles/
../Caterpillars/
../Anthracnose/
../Leaf Spot/
../Root and Stem Rots/
../Wilts/
../Tobacco Mosaic Virus/
../Beet Curly Top Virus/
Stem and Bulb Nematode: "../Ditylenchus dispaci/"
../Aphids/
../Scales/
../Whiteflies/
../Mealybugs/
../Bugs/
../Thrips/
../Maggots/
../Beetles/
../Weevils/
../Caterpillars/
../Mites/
../Slugs and Snails/
../Voles/
Bacterial ../Leaf Spots/
../Soft Rots/
../Leaf Spots/
../Blights/
../Rots/
../Rusts/
../Mosaic/
../Ringspot/
../Nematodes/ 
Hollow centers -- Rhizomatous Irises dies out in the center if not divided every few years.
../Aphids/
../Hoppers/
../Whiteflies/
../Bugs/
../Thrips/
../Flies/
../Beetles/
../Flea Beetles/
../Caterpillars/
../Slugs and Snails/
../Bottom Rot/
../Downy Mildew/
../Gray Mold/
../White Mold/
../Calcium Deficiency/
Phlox paniculata is an herbaceous perennial widely grown for its showy panicles of large, sweet-scented flowers borne from early summer through autumn.
The plants are clump-forming and erect, with terminal panicles of trumpet-shaped flowers. Flower colors vary from white through pink, red, purple, and nearly blue.
Performs best in full sun with humus-rich, well-drained soils.
Numerous varieties are available in the trade. Modern cultivars have been selected for resistance to powdery mildews.
Grown for the showy flowers, which are also attractive to both hummingbirds and butterflies. Flowers hold up well in the vase as well.
Deadheading encourages rebloom. 
Self-sows readily. Cultivars are generally reproduced by cuttings or tissue culture. 
Powdery mildew is a serious issue for this species. See "..Phlox/" for a list of pests and diseases affecting the genus.
Phlox stolonifera (Creeping phlox, Moss phlox, Flowering moss, Ground pink, or Moss pinks) is a flowering native to the eastern United States in the forests of the Appalachian Mountains from Pennsylvania south to northern Georgia.
It is a creeping stoloniferous perennial plant growing 15-25 cm tall. The leaves on creeping stems are 3-4.5 cm long and 1.8 cm broad, those on the erect flowering stems smaller, 2 cm long. The flowers are produced in early spring, 2-2.5 cm diameter, with the five-lobed corolla pale violet to purple, pink or white in color, and yellow stamens.
Phlox subulata (Moss Phlox, Moss Pink, Mountain Phlox) is a perennial creeper growing to a height of 6 inches and covering a 20 inch wide area. The small, five-petaled flowers bloom in rose, mauve, blue, white, or pink in late spring to early summer.
Many garden pests can be controlled by simply removing them from the plant. In some cases, they can be simply "squished", in others they can be pruned out or blasted off with high-pressure water. 
One way of getting plant diseases under control is to simply remove the infected parts, in the hopes of preventing the spread of the infection to other parts of the plant. 
Care must be taken to make sure pruning equipment is kept sterile, to avoid becoming a "vector" for the disease.
Disposal of these wastes depends on the particular pathogen involved.
Physical Removal of Plant Pathogens
Physocarpus (Ninebark) is a genus of about ten species of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae, native to North America (most of the species) and northeastern Asia (one species).
They are deciduous shrubs growing to 1-3 m tall. The name comes from the appearance of the bark, which is flaky, peeling away in many layers. The leaves are maple-like, palmately lobed, 3-15 cm long and broad, with an irregularly serrated margin. The flowers are white with five petals and numerous stamens, produced in corymbs. The fruit is a cluster of inflated follicles, which turn dry and brown and then split open to release the seeds.
Current use of this plant in its name cultivars (see below) for landscape design is to form a line of uninterrupted, loose informal hedge. Individual specimens may be used for the attractive colors of the foliage. There are little medicinal or food uses of this plant.
Much development has gone into developing attractive foliage and smaller size of this native shrub. Two popular and common cultivars exist. 'Darts Gold' is a gold color leaf version of this native plant, while 'Diablo', a purple (almost black) leaf cultivar also exists.
Since the new century, much work is continuing to develop hybrids based on the above two cultivars. 'Coppertina' a cultivar exhibiting orange-red leaves, is such a development, created when the above two cultivars were crossed.
Little maintenance is required for this native shrub once established. To maintain the shape of the plant, pruning is highly recommended. As the old branches exhibit an exfoliating bark which is for some gardeners its chief attraction, leaving the older branches on the plant is often achieved by only pruning and rejuvenating one third of the older branches on a plant in any one year. If a more youthful looking plant is desired, then hard pruning of all the older branches may also be accomplished. In such a case, pruning should be conducted during the spring.
Like all native shrubs that originate from a basal rosette of stems from a common root, this native North American shrub is easy to propagate.
The shrub after flowering forms many tiny seeds, which are held onto the plant well into winter. Mature seeds may be easily released when the shrub is brushed against or shaken. Seedlings formed from self seeding into cracks and crevices may be carefully removed and transplanted.
Another method of propagation is to divide the basal clump of stems, ensuring each group of stems are attached to a viable root. This is done by cleaving the clump at the basal rosette of stems, right down to the root level, separating the one clump into two or more smaller clumps. Each small clump can then be transplanted. In this initial stage, adequate watering is crucial to ensure the survival of the severed clumps. If a severed clump survives the first winter, it will live on. Severing of the clumps may be done anytime, but typically fall time is best, as the cooler temperatures and increased rainfall ensure less evaporation and demands on the smaller severed root system.
A third method is achieved by layering a long branch. This is done by bending one of the younger more flexible stems to the ground, and pinning it in place. Over the course of one year, tiny rootlets will develop where the stem touches the ground. At that point, the rooted portion may be severed from the mother plant and carefully tended.
Cuttings rooted in rooting hormone has a lower success rate but nonetheless may be a viable option of reproducing this species. However, many state laws prohibit the unauthorized reproduction of any named cultivar without the prior consent of the original nursery that had developed the cultivar.
The pokeweeds, also known as poke, pokebush, pokeberry, pokeroot, inkberry or ombú, comprise the genus Phytolacca, perennial plants native to North America, South America, East Asia and New Zealand. Pokeweed contains "phytolaccatoxin" and "phytolaccigenin", which are poisonous to mammals. However, the berries are eaten by birds, which are not affected by the toxin.
Pokeweeds are herbs growing from 1-10 ft. tall. They have single alternate leaves, pointed at the end, with crinkled edges. The stems are often colored pink or red. The flowers are greenish-white, in long clusters at the ends of the stems. They develop into dark purple berries.
Pokeweed can be a troublesome weed of gardens and pastures. The fruits attract birds when ripe, and the birds then sow the seeds.
Young pokeweed leaves can be boiled twice to reduce the toxin, discarding the water after the first boiling. The result is known as poke salit, or Poke salad, and is occasionally available commercially. Many authorities advise against eating pokeweed even after twice boiling, as traces of the toxin may still remain. When fried in bacon grease, poke salad is no longer poisonous, and many say it tastes very good, "especially with cornbread". For many decades, Poke salad has been a staple of southern U.S. cuisine, despite campaigns by doctors who believed pokeweed remained toxic even after being boiled. The lingering cultural significance of Poke salad can be seen in the recording of the song "Polk Salad Annie" by Tony Joe White, famously covered by Elvis Presley.
Pokeweed is used as a homeopathic remedy to treat many ailments. It can be applied topically or taken internally. Topical treatments have been used for acne and other ailments. Internal treatments include tonsilitis, swollen glands and weight loss.
Pokeweed berries yield a red ink or dye, which was once used by Native Americans to decorate their horses. The red juice has also been used to symbolize blood, as in the anti-slavery protest of Benjamin Lay.
Pokeweeds are also grown as ornamental plants, mainly for their attractive berries; a number of cultivars have been selected for larger fruit panicles.Pokeweeds are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Giant Leopard Moth.
Phytopathology is the study of how disease processes develop in plants. These processes are of particular concern in the fields of agriculture and horticulture. There are several major groups of organisms that cause disease on plant, each of these are outlined below.
There are over 10,000 fungal pathogens of plants. The fungal plant pathogens themeselves fall into to major groups, the biotrophs which feed from living plant tissue and the necrotrophs which kill plant cells and then live off the nutrients released. However, many plant pathogens adopt a hybrid lifestyle, initially acting as biotrophs before converting to a nectrophic lifestyle. These are called hemibiotrophs.
The majority of phytopathogenic fungi belong to the Ascomycetes and the Basidiomycetes. 
The fungi reproduce both sexually and asexually via the production of spores. These spores may be spread long distances by air or water, or they may be soil bourne. Many soil bourne spores, normally zoospores and capable of living saprophytically, caring out the first part of their lifecycle in the soil.
Fungal dieases can be controlled through the use of fungicides in agriculture, however new races of fungi often evolve that are resistant to various fungicides.
The oomycetes are fungal like organisms that until recently used to be mistaken for fungi. They include some of the most destructive plant pathogens including the genus "../Phytopthora/" which includes the casual agents of potato blight and sudden oak death, and members of the genus "../Pythium/", which causes damping off of seedlings.
Despite not being closely related to the fungi, the oomyctes have developed very similar infection strategies and so many plant pathologists group them with fungal pathogens. The oomycetes are particularly difficult to control, and many can live in the soil as saprotrophs for long periods.
There are a few examples of plant diseases caused by protozoa. They are transmitted as zoospores which are very durable, and may be able to survive in a resting state in the soil for many years. They have also been shown to transmit plant viruses.
When the motile zoospores come into contact with a root hair they produce a plasmodium and invade the roots.
Most bacteria that are associated with plants are actually saprophytic, and do no harm to the plant itself. However, a small number, around 100 species, are able to cause disease. Bacterial diseases are much more prevalent in sub-tropical and tropical regions of the world.
Most plant pathogenic bacteria are rod shaped (bacilli). In order to be able to colonise the plant they have specific pathogenicity factors. There are 4 main bacterial pathogenicity factors:
1. Cell Wall Degrading Enzymes - used to break down the plant cell wall in order to release the nutrients inside. Used by pathogens such as Erwinia to cause soft rot.
2. Toxins. These can be non-host specific, and damage all plants, or host specific and only cause damage on a host plant.
3. Phytohormones - for example Agrobacterium changes the level of Auxin to cause tumours.
4. Exopolysaccharides - these are produced by bacteria and block xylem vessels, often leading to the death of the plant.
Bacteria control the production of pathogenicity factors via Quorum sensing.
"../Phytoplasma/" and "Spiroplasma" are a genras of bacteria that lack cell walls, and are related to the mycoplasmas which are human pathogens. Together they are referred to as the mollicutes. They also tend to have smaller genomes than true bacteria. They are normally transmitted by sap-sucking insects, being transferred into the plants phloem where it reproduces.
There are many types of plant virus, and some are even asymptomatic. Most plant viruses have small, single stranded RNA genomes. These genomes may only encode 3 or 4 proteins: a replicase, a coat protein, a movement protein to allow cell to cell movement and sometimes a protein that allows transmission by a vector. 
Plant viruses must be transmitted from plant to plant by a vector. This is normally an insect, but some fungi, nematodes and protozoa have been shown to be viral vectors.
../Nematodes/ are small, multicelluar worm like creatures. Many leave freely in the soil, but there are some species which paratisise plant roots. They are mostly a problem in tropical and subtropical regions of the world, where they may infect crops. Root knot nematodes have quite a large host range, whereas cyst nematodes tend to only be able to infect a few species. Nematodes are able to cause radical changes in root cells in order to facilitate their lifestyle.
Significant fungal plant pathogens
Significant oomycete plant pathogens
Significant bacterial plant pathogens
Significant abiotic disorders can be caused by:
Phytopathology
Phytophthora infestans is a water mould, that causes the serious disease of the potato, late blight or potato blight. (Early blight, caused by "Alternaria solani", is also often called potato blight). This disease was a major culprit in the causation of the 1847 Irish potato famine and also the Highland potato famine. The organism can also infect tomatoes and some other members of the Solanaceae.
The spores of this water mould overwinter on infected tubers, particularly those that are left in the ground after the previous year's harvest, and are spread rapidly in warm wet conditions when blight can have devastating effects, destroying entire crops.
Spores develop on the leaves, spreading through the crop when temperatures are above 10°C and humidity is over 75% for 2 days or more. Rain can wash spores into the soil where they infect young tubers, or else spores can be blown in from distances of up to miles by the wind.
The early stages of blight are easily missed, and not all plants are affected at once. Symptoms include the appearance of dark blotches on leaf tips and plant stems. White mould will appear under the leaves in humid conditions and the whole plant may quickly collapse. Infected tubers develop grey or dark patches that are reddish brown beneath the skin, and quickly decay to a foul-smelling mush caused by the infestation of secondary soft bacterial rots. Seemingly healthy tubers may rot later when in store.
Up until the 1970s, there was only one type of blight (A1) in the UK, and this was unable to produce resistant spores that could survive the winter. There are now two types (A1 and A2) which can mate and after that produce resistant spores, although the indications so far are that this rarely, if ever, happens in the UK. Mating can occur only between moulds of different mating-types and is required for the production of resistant spores.
Prevention and control of potato blight can be achieved by planting only good quality seeds obtained from certified suppliers. Do not save your own seed for replanting, and try to ensure that no ‘volunteer’ tubers are left in the soil after harvest. Potato varieties vary in their susceptibility to blight. Most early varieties are very prone; so that the crop matures before blight starts (usually in July) plant them early. Maincrop varieties which are very slow to develop blight include Cara, Stirling, Teena, Torridon, Remarka and Romano. Some so-called resistant varieties can resist some strains of the blight and not others, so their performance may vary depending on which are around.
Growing potatoes should be earthed up regularly in order to minimise the risks of spores being washed down into the soil reaching the tubers. If blight symptoms appear, remove all affected leaves immediately. Cut off and burn all foliage in bad cases to help prevent spread to the tubers. Don't harvest the crop for at least 3 weeks. By then, tubers will have thicker skins and blight spores on the surface will have died. A hot compost heap should destroy the spores on the leaves, but it is probably not worth the risk. Any infected tubers should definitely be burned.
The potato blight caused the Irish Potato Famine in 1845-49 which, it is estimated, caused over 1,000,000 to starve death and forced a further 2,000,000 to emigrate.
Phytophthora (from Greek phytón, “plant” and phthorá, “destruction”, “plant-destroyer”) is a genus of plant-damaging Protists of the "Oomycetes" (water moulds). Heinrich Anton de Bary described it for the first time in 1875. 
"Phytophthora" is sometimes referred to as a fungus-like organism but it is classified under a different kingdom altogether: Stramenopila (previously named Chromista). In contrast to Fungi, stramenopiles are more closely related to plants than animals. Whereas Fungal cell walls are made primarily of chitin, stramenopile cell walls are constructed mostly of cellulose.
"Phytophthoras" reproduce both sexually and asexually. Sporangia, zoospores, and chlamydospores are asexual. Oospores are sexual.
Infection by "Phytophthora" leads to root rots, cankers, foliar blights, and usually results in the death of the host plant. Symptoms vary according to both the pathogen species and the host species.
Phytophthora can live for long periods in the soil without the presence of a host. During wet contitions, the zoospores swim towards host plants following chemical traces. Once a plant is infected, it cannot be "cured", but may be sustained through foliar feeding for a time, depending on the host's natural resistance. 
Phytophthora is easily spread by infected tools, and is often introduced through infected nursery stock. Spores and vegetative tissues can also be spread by animals or wind.
"Phytophthoras" are mostly pathogens of dicotyledons, and are relatively host specific parasites. Many species of "Phytophthora" are plant pathogens of considerable economic importance. "Phytophthora infestans" was the infective agent of the potato blight that caused the Irish potato famine. Research beginning in the 1990s has placed some of the responsibility for European forest die-back on the activity of imported Asian "Phytophthoras". 
Plant diseases caused by this genus are difficult to control chemically, thus resistant cultivars are grown as a management strategy. 
The Small White ("Pieris rapae") is a small to mid-sized butterfly of the Yellows and Whites Pieridae family. It is also commonly known as the small cabbage white or just the cabbage white. It is native across Europe, North Africa and Asia but has also been introduced to North America, Australia and New Zealand where they have become pests on cultivated cabbages and other mustard family crops.
In appearance it looks like a smaller version of the Large White. The upper side is creamy white with black tips to the forewings. Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings. Its underwings are yellowish with black speckles. 
Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages, but it will readily lay eggs on wild members of the cabbage family. The eggs are laid singularly on foodplant leaves.
Known in the United States as "Imported Cabbage Worms", the caterpillars are green and well camouflaged. Unlike the Large White they don't store the mustard oils from their foodplants and so are not distasteful to predators like birds.
Leaves are eaten one side at a time, starting from the edge and often eventually reduced to just a stem and the base of the midrib. Seedlings may become completely defoliated after only a day or two. Greenish-brown frass may collect in the leaf axils.
Like its close relative the Large White this is a strong flyer and the British population is increased by continental immigrants in most years. Like other "White" butterflies it hibernates as a pupa. Along with the Large White it is sometimes known as the Cabbage White or Cabbage Butterfly.
It has two flight periods, mid-spring and midsummer. 
Hosts include members of the following genera, and possibly other mustard-family weeds. 
Pilea pumila, known as Clearweed, Canadian clearweed, Coolwort, or Richweed is an annual plant native to most of North America east of the Rockies. The plants are generally erect, 10 to 70 cm tall, often occurring in large colonies, and are quite common throughout their range both as a woodland plant and a weed of gardens.
The foliage is opposite, simple with dentate margins, wrinkly (with depressed veins), ovate, and with long petioles. Both the leaves and stems are translucent and bright green, turning bright yellow in autumn. The flowers are small, borne in axillary cymes, unisexual with both genders occurring on the same plant, greenish yellow, and pollinated by wind. Flowers bloom from midsummer through early autumn. Fruits (achenes) are green with purple markings. Roots are fibrous, shallow, and adventitious off the stem in moist areas or when in contact with the soil.
This plant is most often found in rich, moist soils in both sunny and shaded locations.
It is sometimes grown as a ground cover for its attractive foliage, but this should be done with caution as the plant easily gets out of control, and can develops long-lasting seed banks if allowed to go to seed. They do form a heavy canopy, and so will keep other weeds down quite effectively.
It can also be grown as forage for deer and goats.
The Pine Sawflies are a group of insects that eat the needles of various species of pine. They feed as larvae in large colonies. They are often mistaken for caterpillars, but like all sawflies they are actually closer relatives to wasps and bees rather than moths and butterflies.
Because of their colonial habit, they can cause severe damage to individual pine branches, completely stripping the foliage and leaving only unattractive branches. They tend not to eat the buds, however, so the branch tips usually leaf out afterwards.
The larvae are generally greenish, found in large colonies. They "rear up" when a branch they are feeding on is disturbed, which is a defense mechanism that can scare off birds.
Found on pines throughout the landscape, with some species being preferred over others. The adults are good fliers.
Pine straw is a term used in the southern United States to refer to pine needles. A pine tree will produce pine needles that can be anywhere from 5 to 18 inches in length, the most desirable type of pine straw is referred to as Longleaf pine straw. These needles will fall to the ground and are then harvested for use as a mulch. 
Pine straw has been used mainly in the southern US in the past, but has more recently become available in other parts of North America as well. Like regular straw, pine straw is lightweight and porous, so it can be laid thickly as a weed barrier. It is also much slower to biodegrade, and has a better nutrient value. 
Its major liabilities include expense (in areas far from where it is harvested), and the strong acidity of the needles as they break down (though this is actually an asset when growing ericaceous plants and other acid-lovers). Pine straw can also make cleanup difficult, as fallen leaves and other debris tend to get stuck in a pine straw mulch, making it difficult to either rake or blow off debris without removing the mulch itself in the process. 
Pine Straw
Starting a new garden is a rewarding endeavor, but entails a lot of hard work and careful planning. 
Planning a Garden
Pest and disease management is one of the more difficult parts of gardening. The important thing is to know the pests, and how to control them.
Plant Pests and Diseases
Plant Pests and Diseases
The Broadleaf Plantain or Greater Plantago ("Plantago major") is a member of the plantago family, ../Plantaginaceae/. In North America, this plant is primarily a weed, though it is edible and is used in herbal medicine. The plant is native to Europe, and is believed to be one of the first plants to naturalize in the American colonies.
Plantain grows from a short, tough rootstock or rhizome, which has a large number of long, straight, yellowish roots, is a basal, rosette of large, broadly oval, dark green, leaves. The 4 to 10 inch long smooth, thick, strong and fibrous leaves have 3 to 7 or more ribbed veins, abruptly contracting into a long, petiole (leaf stalk) which is reddish at the base. The leaf margin is of Plantain is entire, or unevenly toothed. The flower stalks, are erect, long, slender, densely-flowered spikes. Each tiny flower is brownish and bell-shaped with four stamens and purple anthers. Flowers bloom most of the summer. The fruit is a two-celled capsule and containing four to sixteen seeds. Harvest fresh young edible leaves in spring. Gather Plantain after flower spike forms, dry for later herb use.
This plant does best in compacted soils, and hence is sometimes called "roadweed". It propagates primarily by seeds, which are held on the long, narrow spikes which rise well above the foliage. 
The Plant is commonly found on field boundaries as it is tolerant to pestcides and herbicides. It is wind-pollenated, and a cause of summer allergies when in flower.
Some cultivars of this plant are used in gardens.
Crushed leaves can be applied directly to the skin to stop bleeding, bee stings and insect bites. Psyllium seeds are a bulk laxative.
The leaves are completely edible, but can be somewhat tough. The taste is that of very bitter salad greens with a lingering aftertaste like spinach. Young leaves are recommended as they are more tender. The leaves when dried make a good tea. The sinews from the broadleaf plantain are very pliable and tough when fresh and/or wettened, and can be used to make small cords or braiding. When dry the sinews harden but also become more brittle.
There’s just nothing so spectacular in the early spring as a lawn planted with small bulbs for a colorful show. While very large lawns look good with larger bulbs such as daffodils, the average lawn owner wouldn’t want to wait that long to mow. This easy method is intended for use with the small spring bulbs, such as Crocus, the smaller grape hyacinths (Muscari), siberian squill (Scilla), early snowdrops (Galanthus), and the native spring beauties (Claytonia).
This sort of planting gives great results the following spring, and then even more over the long term, as the bulbs multiply and make the bloom more dense over time. 
The best effect is achieved by planting a large number of bulbs...I prefer to have at least 2 bulbs per square foot of lawn (so for a 20’ X 25’ area, I order 1,000 bulbs). They’re really not all that expensive wholesale, and can be installed in no time using this method. 
This all hinges upon the fact that most core aerating machines create holes the perfect size and depth for installing small bulbs (it won’t work with larger bulbs, which require larger, deeper holes). It’s not an appropriate thing to do on wet lawns, as bulbs won’t survive in very wet soils. The method works very well in combination with my Big Lawn Treatment in the fall. 
Preparation:
There’s really not a lot of preparation to do, just have the bulbs ready to go, and make up the fertilizer mix for the holes. To make the mix, stir in about 1 lb of bone meal with 6 cubic feet of compost (a full wheelbarrow). That doesn’t sound like much, but the compost naturally has most of the nutrients the bulbs need. If you have eggshells saved up, use about a quart of crushed eggshells into the mixture and skip the bone meal (it never hurts to add more eggshells if you have a large supply).
Equipment:
Core Aerator 
Packing Rod (just a stick or piece of handle to pack down the compost mix over top of the bulb)
Materials:
Bulbs
Bone Meal/Compost Mix or Eggshell/Compost Mix
Step 1: Run the Aerator
Run the aerator over the entire area to be planted. To make the blooms more randomly spaced, you can certainly run the aerator twice (all the holes won’t be used in either case). 
Step 2: Clean up the plugs.
Though normally one would leave the plugs from the aerator to break down into the soil, I find them distracting when doing a bulb planting, as you might end up forgetting where some of the bulbs are if they’re laying amid the plugs. 
Step 3: Place the bulbs
Don’t just start planting, because once the bulbs are in the ground, it's easy to forget where you’ve already planted, and where you still need to work. Place the bulbs around, on the grass, to get an even distribution. Try to avoid planting in rows or in a regular “grid”, since it looks much nicer if they’re a bit more randomly spaced, which gives the blooming lawn a “natural look”.
Step 4: Plant the bulbs
This is the easy part. Just put a pinch of the mix in the bottom of the hole, stick a bulb in, and firmly pack in more mix over top, bringing it up to the level of the soil. 
Step 5: Help the rest of the lawn
Either do a big lawn treatment, or just add some grass seed (fall is the time to do that anyway), and water well.
Planting Lawn Bulbs
Vegetables can be planted at various times of year, depending on the type of plant and the intended methods of harvest and storage. 
Planting Seasons for Vegetables
Outline:
Planting Techniques
The Fourlined Plant Bug is a pest of many food crops and ornamental species, capable of causing serious damage if infestations are heavy.
The adult has a unique appearance, with yellow and black striped along its back.
Foliar spotting, blotching, distortion, and leaf drop.
Pollination is likely the most overlooked aspect of gardening, and inadequate pollination often limits gardeners' production of fruits and vegetables; indeed many times the problem is not even recognized. Mis-information is also frequently promulgated, even by those who should be experts. A good understanding of pollination, and active involvement in the various aspects of pollination mark an up-to-date gardener.
Polygonatum odoratum, commonly known as Angular Solomon's-seal or Scented Solomon's-seal, is a plant species of the genus "Polygonatum". In Britain it is one of three native species of the genus, the others being "../Polygonatum multiflorum/" and "../Polygonatum verticillatum/".
"Polygonatum odoratum" is a colonizing herbaceous plant with alternate, simple leaves, on green stems. The flowers are white, borne in spring.
Variegated Solomon's seal ("P. odoratum" 'Variegatum') is often cultivated in shade gardens.
"P. odoratum" is used in traditional Chinese medicine, where it is called "yùzhú" (玉竹).
Mile-a-minute weed (Polygonum perfoliatum), also known as Devil's tail tearthumb, Asiatic tearthumb, or Devil Shield, is an herbaceous, annual, trailing vine in the buckwheat family. 
It has a reddish stem that is armed with downward pointing hooks or barbs which are also present on the underside of the leaf blades. The light green colored leaves are shaped like an equilateral (equal-sided) triangle and alternate along the narrow, delicate stems. Distinctive circular, cup-shaped leafy structures, called ocreas, surround the stem at intervals. Flower buds, and later flowers and fruits, emerge from within the ocreas. Flowers are small, white and generally inconspicuous. The fruits are attractive, metallic blue and segmented, each segment containing a single glossy, black or reddish-black seed. 
Mile-a-minute weed generally colonizes open and disturbed areas, along the edges of woods, wetlands, stream banks, and roadsides, and uncultivated open fields, resulting from both natural and human causes. Natural areas such as stream banks, parks, open space, road shoulders, forest edges and fence lines are all typical areas to find mile-a-minute. It also occurs in environments that are extremely wet with poor soil structure. Available light and soil moisture are both integral to the successful colonization of this species. It will tolerate shade for a part of the day, but needs a good percentage, 63-100% of the available light. The ability of mile-a-minute to attach to other plants with its recurved barbs and climb over the plants to reach an area of high light intensity is a key to its survival. It can survive in areas with relatively low soil moisture, but demonstrates a preference for high soil moisture. 
The first records of mile-a-minute in North America are from Portland, Oregon (1890) and Beltsville, Maryland (1937). Both of these sites were eliminated or did not establish permanent populations of the species. However, the introduction of mile-a-minute somewhere between the late 1930s and 1946 to a nursery site in Stewartstown, York County, Pennsylvania did produce a successful population of this plant. It is speculated that the seed was spread with Rhododendron stock. The owner of the nursery was interested in the plant and allowed it to reproduce; unfortunately, subsequent efforts to eradicate it were not successful. The distribution of mile-a-minute has radiated from the York County site into neighboring states. 55 years after its introduction, the range for this plant in the United States had extended as far as 300 miles in several directions from the York County, Pennsylvania site. 
Mile-a-minute weed is primarily a self-pollinating plant (supported by its inconspicuous, closed flowers and lack of a detectable scent), with occasional outcrossing. Fruits and viable seeds are produced without assistance from pollinators. Vegetative propagation from roots has not been successful for this plant. It is a very tender annual, withering with a slight frost, and reproduces successfully until the first frost. Mile-a-minute is a prolific seeder, producing many seeds on a single plant over a long season, from June until October in Virginia, and a slightly shorter season in more northern geographic areas. 
Birds are probably the primary long-distance dispersal agents of mile-a-minute weed. Transport of seeds short distances by native ant species has been observed. This activity is probably encouraged by the presence of a tiny white food body (elaiosome) on the tip of the seed that may be attractive to the ants. These seed-carrying ants may play an important role in the survival and germination of the seeds of mile-a-minute weed. Local bird populations are important for dispersal under utility lines, bird feeders, fence lines and other perching locations. Other animals observed eating mile-a-minute weed fruits are chipmunks, squirrel and deer. 
Water is also an important mode of dispersal for mile-a-minute weed. Its fruits can remain buoyant for 7-9 days, an important advantage for dispersing seed long distances in stream and river environments. The long vines frequently hang over waterways, allowing fruits that detach to be carried away in the water current. During storm events the potential spread of this plant is greatly increased throughout watersheds.
In traditional Chinese medicine, mile-a-minute weed is known as "gangbangui" (杠板归), and is valued for its diuretic, anti-inflammatory, and other effects.
It may also be eaten as a sour-flavored leaf vegetable, although its relatively high content of oxalic acid means that it should be eaten in moderation, and avoided by people with kidney disorders, gout, or rheumatoid arthritis.
The Japanese beetle is a scarab beetle which is present throughout much or North America as an invasive species. It can be a devastating pest of both crops and gardens, especially as they tend to occur in large numbers.
As the name suggests, the beetle is native to Japan, where it is a relatively minor pest due to the presence of natural predators. The insect was first found in the United States in 1916 in a nursery near Riverton, New Jersey. It is thought that beetle larvae entered the United States in a shipment of Iris bulbs prior to 1912 when inspections of agricultural commodities entering the country began.
The larvae live in the soil, where they feed on roots, particularly those of turfgrasses. Adults emerge in early summer, feeding on flowers and leaves. Eggs are laid in late summer, and larvae begin feeding, burrowing deep to overwinter.
The Japanese beetle ("Popillia japonica") is a beetle about 1.5 cm (0.6 inches) long and 1 cm (0.4 inches) wide, with shiny copper-colored elytra and a shiny green top of the thorax and head. It is not very destructive in Japan, where it is controlled by natural enemies, but in America it is a serious pest to rose bushes, grapes, crape myrtles, and other plants. It is a weak flyer and drops several centimeters when it hits a wall. 
Japanese beetles have a curious, identifying defense; they lift their hind legs up in the air, even when simply approached. These hind legs are spiny, and the behavior is probably intended to ward off predators.
Adults skeletonize leaves and flower petals, leaving only the veins behind. Heavy infestations can completely denude even large trees.
Larvae eat the roots of grasses, causing dead patches in lawns as the tops die off.
The life cycle of the beetle is typically 1 year in most parts of the United States, but this can be extended in cooler climates; for instance, in its native Japan, the beetle's life cycle is 2 years long as a result of the higher latitudes of the grasslands required for the larval stage.
During the larval stage, the Japanese beetle lives in lawns and other grasslands, where it eats the roots of grasses. During that stage, it is susceptible to a fatal disease called milky spore disease, caused by a bacterium called milky spore, "../Bacillus popilliae/." The USDA developed this biological control and it is commercially available in powder form for application to lawn areas. Standard applications (low density across a broad area) take from 1 to 5 years to establish maximal protection against larval survival (depending on climate), expanding through the soil through repeated rounds of infection, in-host multiplication, release from killed host, and infection. Typically proper application can lead to a 15-20 year period of protection.
Soil-bound larvae are also susceptible to certain members of the nematode families "Steinernematidae" and "Heterorhabditidae". As with milky spore, commercial preparations of these nematode varieties are available.
The primary natural predator found in Japan is the w:winsome fly ("Istocheta (or Hyperecteina) aldrichi"), a parasitic fly. Attempts at establishing this predator in the United States have met with limited success, primarily in New England. Alternative predators have shown some potential at serving as biological controls, such as the w:Spring tiphia ("Tiphia vernalis") and w:Fall tiphia ("Tiphia popilliavora") from China and Korea. Also, certain birds (such as the meadowlark and cardinal) and small mammals are significant predators on the adult form.
On field crops such as eggplant, floating row covers can be used to exclude the beetles, however this may necessitate hand pollination of flowers. Kaolin sprays can also be used as barriers.
Research performed by many US extension service branches has shown that pheromone traps may attract more beetles than they catch, and so they have fallen out of favor. Natural repellents include catnip, chives, garlic, and tansy, as well as the remains of dead beetles.
Reducing the ground until completely free from root-weeds helps in potato husbandry; though in many seasons one cannot complete these operations without losing the proper time for planting, which never ought to come after the first of May, if circumstances do not absolutely prevent it.
Cutting the seed into small slips does not provide any advantage, for the strength of the stem at the outset depends in direct proportion upon the vigor and power of the seed-plant. Accordingly, make the seed plant large, rarely smaller than the fourth-part of the potato; and in the case of small seed-potatoes one may profitably use half of the potato. At all events, rather err in using over-large seed than in making it too small; because, by the first error, no great loss can ever be sustained; whereas, by the other, a feeble and late crop may result. With properly cut seed, it requires from ten to twelve hundredweight of potatoes to plant an acre (1.2 to 1.5 t/ha) of ground, where the rows lie twenty-seven inches (700 mm) apart; but this quantity depends greatly upon the size of the potatoes used; large potatoes may require a greater weight, but the extra quantity will abundantly pay off in the superiority of the crop which large seed usually produces.
Cultivation should go twelve inches deep, if the soil will allow it; after this, the gardener should open a hole (about six inches (150 mm) deep and not more than twelve inches (300 mm) in diameter).
 There are two common alternate methods of growing potatoes by the amateur gardener. The first is container growing. One seed potato should be placed 15cm (6in) deep in a container which is 30cm (1ft) or more in diameter. Normal potting compost can be used. The amount of potatoes will obviously be small, but it's fun for the small garden.
The second method is to cover the planting area for early varieties with black polythene, simply held down with earth or bricks. The potatoes are planted at normal depth by cutting a '+' shaped hole in the plastic and planting with a trowel. The advantages are that the soil is warmed by the black polythene, giving the young plants protection from frost. The potatoes should be ready for harvest a couple of weeks earlier than normal.
Potatoes are ready for harvest when the foliage first starts to die and turn yellow. Early (new) potatoes can be lifted earlier (no earlier than June) to get the very tastiest potatoes. In this case, harvest them about a week after the potato plant flowers first appear. New potatoes only produce a couple of handfuls of potatoes per plant, so dig up the whole plant.
Maincrop potatoes will be ready for harvest in mid-Autumn (start of September at the earliest). For all potatoes, dig them up from the side of the ridge (a fork or spade are both fine) to avoid damaging the potatoes. The foliage can be placed on the compost heap only if it completely free from disease - if not, burn it. If you don't need all the potatoes from a plant at one time or if you want a few early in the season, simply burrow around the roots with your hands and remove the potatoes you need. The remaining potatoes will continue to grow.
Remove any soil clinging to the potatoes and leave them on the soil for a few hours to dry out - if they are stored damp, they will rot. Leaving them on the soil surface in the sun will harden the skin slightly, doubling the storage time - this is especially important for maincrop potatoes. Store the potatoes in boxes or sacks, checking them every few days, removing all but those in good condition. Damaged or blemished potatoes should be eaten immediately.
One word of caution, some potato flowers may well turn to berries which are definitely poisonous. Eaten in sufficient amounts the berries can be fatal. You may wish to remove them if children are likely to see them.
Store up potatoes for winter and spring use; and as one should keep them as long through summer as possible, make every endeavor to preserve them from frost, and from sprouting in the spring months. For frost protection, cover them well with straw when lodged in a house, and by a thick coat of earth when deposited in a pit; to prevent sprouting, pick them carefully at different times, when they begin to sprout, and dry them sufficiently by exposure to the sun, or by a gentle toast of a kiln.
Potatoes grown from stock certified as free from disease and planted in soil not occupied by potatoes the previous season, are relatively free from pests and diseases. The most common ailments to affect potatoes are potato blight (see next paragraph), scab, slugs, and wireworm. There is little protection available that can effectively solve these problems.
Potato blight has two phases - the first attacks the leaves, the second attacks the potatoes themselves. If your potatoes are attacked by the blight, there is no cure. However, cut the foliage back to 5cm (2in) from the ground at the first signs of infection. This will prevent the blight from getting to the potatoes themselves. With no foliage, the potatoes will not give of their best, but they will continue to grow for a month or so.
Powdery mildew is a fungal disease that affects a wide range of garden plants. It is easily identified, as its symptoms are quite distinctive. Infected plants will display white powder-like spots on the upper surfaces of the leaves and stems. The lower leaves are the most affected, but the mildew can appear on any part of the plant that shows above the ground. As the disease progresses, the spots get larger and thicker, in many cases forming a solid mat over the entire infected surface. Severe infections can cause stunting, distorted foliage, leaf drop, and may eventually be fatal on some plants if left uncontrolled. 
Typically powdery mildew only occurs on the upper surfaces, a similar but unrelated group of fungi that grow on the lower sides of leaves are downy mildews.
The fungi that cause powdery mildews generally feed only on the epidermal cells of the plant, which they penetrate using organs called haustoria. 
In early spring, the overwintering bodies release spores which are spread by wind or water splashing onto the leaves and other plant parts. The fungi then spread over the plants' surfaces, while also penetrating the epidermal cells with haustoria, which are short, specialized hyphae. The fungi that cause powdery mildews generally feed only on the epidermal cells of the plant.
During the growing season the fungus continually produces conidiospores, which reinfect the plant or are spread to other hosts. 
Late in the season, specialized fruiting bodies called cleistothecia are produced, which either overwinter on the soil surface or release aeciospores, which infect the next years' buds. Cleistothecia are visible to the eye as small yellow to black dots.
The various species of powdery mildew affect a wide variety of plants in hundreds of genera.
Pre-emergent herbicides are substances applied to the soil that prevent the successful germination of weed seeds. Timing is important when using these, as the applicator needs to know when to apply them: if applied too early, they may lose their effectiveness by the time weeds are germinating, if applied too late the weeds will already have grown beyond the point where they are vulnerable to this treatment. 
Effective control of many garden pests can be achieved by either attracting or introducing predators, parasites, and parasitoids.
Protective Clothing
Pruning is a technique that is employed by gardeners in order to control growth, remove dead or diseased wood or stimulate the formation of flowers, which in turn lead to fruits. The most economical pruning is done early in the season, when buds begin to break, and one can pinch off the soft tissue with one's fingers (hence the expression "nipped in the bud"). Many home fruit growers make the mistake of planting a tree, then neglecting it until it begins to bear. But careful attention to pruning and training young trees will ultimately determine their productivity and longevity. Good pruning and training will also prevent later injury from weak crotches that break under snow or fruit load.
In order to obtain a better understanding of how to prune plants properly, it is useful to have some underlying knowledge of how pruning works, and how it affects the way in which plants grow.
Plants form new tissue in an area called the meristem, located near the tips of roots and shoots, where active cell division takes place. Meristem growth is aimed at ensuring that leaves are quickly elevated into sunlight, and that roots are able to penetrate deeply into the soil. Once adequate height and length is achieved by the stems and roots, they will begin to thicken to give support to the plant. On the shoots, these growing tips of the plant are known as apical buds. The apical meristem (or tip) produces the growth hormone auxin, which not only promotes cell division, but also diffuses downwards and inhibits the development of lateral bud growth which would otherwise compete with the apical tip for light and nutrients. Removing the apical tip and its suppressive hormone allows the lower dormant lateral buds to develop, and the buds between the leaf stalk and stem produce new shoots which compete to become the lead growth. Manipulating this natural response to damage (known as the principle of apical dominance) by processes such as pruning (as well as coppicing and pollarding) allows the horticulturist to determine the shape, size and productivity of many fruiting trees and bushes. The main aim when pruning fruit trees is usually to obtain a decent crop of fruit rather than a tree with an abundance of lush yet unproductive foliage. Unpruned trees tend to produce large crops of small, worthless fruit often damaged by pests and diseases, and much of the crop is out of reach at the top of the tree. Branches can become broken by the weight of the crop, and the cropping may become biennial (that is, only bearing fruit every other year). Overpruned trees on the other hand tend to produce light crops of large, flavourless fruit that does not store well. Pruning is therefore carried out to achieve a balance between shoot growth and fruit production.
Formative pruning of apple ("Malus pumila") and pear ("Pyrus communis") trees (stone fruits such as cherries, plums, w:gages, etc., have different requirements and should not be pruned during the dormant months) should be carried out during the dormant winter months between November and March (or 
June and September in the southern hemisphere) and during the early years of the tree's life in order to develop a strong framework capable of bearing the weight of the crops that will be borne in later years. This involves hard pruning, although in later years pruning will be lighter and carried out in order to encourage fruiting.
A maiden whip (that is, a one year old tree with no side shoots) should be pruned to a bud with two buds below it at about 80 cm from the ground immediately after planting in order to produce primary branches during the first growing season. A feathered maiden (that is, a one year old tree with several side branches) should have its main stem pruned back to three or four strong shoots at 80 cm from the ground. Side shoots should be shortened by two thirds of their length to an upward or outward facing bud. Lower shoots should be removed flush with the stem.
Remove any lower shoots and prune between three and five of the best placed shoots by half to an upwards or outwards facing bud in order to form what will become the tree's main structural branches. Remove any inwards facing shoots.
Prune the leading shoots of branches selected to extend the framework by half to a bud facing in the desired direction. Select four good laterals to fill the framework and shorten these by a half. Prune any remaining laterals to four buds to form fruiting spurs.
The tree will have begun to fruit and only limited formative pruning is now required. Shorten leaders by one third and prune laterals not required to extend the framework to four buds.
the tree is considered to be established and should be annually pruned as described in the following section.
Before pruning it is important to distinguish between spur bearing and tip bearing varieties. The former, which is the most common type, bear most of their fruit on older wood, and include apples such as 'Cox's Orange Pippin', 'James Grieve' and 'Sunset', and the pears 'Conference', 'Doyenne du Commice' and 'Williams Bon Chretien'. Tip bearers on the other hand produce most of their fruit buds at the tips of slender shoots grown the previous summer, and include the apples 'Worcester Pearmain' and 'Irish Peach', and the pears 'Jargonelle' and 'Josephine de Malines'. There are basically three types of pruning that are applied once the main shape of the tree has been established. These are:
Spur bearing varieties form spurs naturally, but spur growth can also be induced.
This also depends on the tendency of many apple and pear trees to form flower buds on unpruned two year old laterals. It is a technique best utilised for the strong laterals on the outer part of the tree where there is room for such growth.
This is carried out on the tree as a whole, and is aimed at keeping the tree and its environment healthy, e.g., by keeping the centre open so that air can circulate, removing dead or diseased wood, preventing branches from becoming over crowded (branches should be roughly 50 cm apart and spurs not less than 25 cm apart along the branch framework), and preventing any branches from crossing.
Tip bearers should be pruned lightly in winter using the regulatory system (see above). any maiden shoots less than 25 cm in length should be left untouched as they have fruit buds at their tips. Longer shoots are spur pruned to prevent over-crowding and to stimulate the production of more short tip bearing shoots the following year. Branch leaders are 'tipped', removing the top three or four buds to a bud facing in the desired direction to make them branch out and so produce more tip bearing shoots.
Pruning of Fruit Trees
Pruning is the removal of plant material in order to improve the shape and/or health of a plant.
Herbaceous plant pruning:
Woody plant pruning:
Pruning
Okame cherry is a hybrid tree, which is one of the earliest cherries to bloom, and thus is often planted in parks and gardens. The name "Okame" is Japanese, referring to a woman who is often depicted in statues. 
More or less vase-shaped crown, densely covered in pink flowers before the leaves emerge in the spring.
Full sun to medium shade, often does fine under high canopies. The plant prefers deep, fertile soils. Somethat drought tolerant after established.
As a specimen or patio shade tree. Forces well, so can also be grown for cut flowers.
Pruning for crossing branches should be done every 2-4 years. The tree is often grafted, so basal suckers should be removed if present.
Generally grafted.
For forcing, cut branches just as the buds begin to expand. 
Usually problem-free. See "../Prunus/" for a list of pests and diseases. 
Prunus laurocerasus (Cherry-laurel or Laurel Cherry) is an evergreen shrub native to regions bordering the Black Sea in southwestern Asia and southeastern Europe, from Albania and Bulgaria east through Turkey to the Caucasus Mountains and northern Iran.
It is an evergreen shrub or small tree, growing to 5-15 m tall, rarely to 18 m tall, with a trunk up to 60 cm diameter. The leaves are dark green, leathery, shiny, (5–)10–25(–30) cm long and 4-10 cm broad, with a finely serrated margin. The flower buds appear in early spring and open in early summer in erect 7-15 cm racemes of 30–40 flowers, each flower 1 cm diameter, with five creamy-white petals and numerous yellowish stamens. The fruit is a small cherry 1-2 cm diameter, turning black when ripe in early autumn.
"Prunus laurocerasus" is often called 'laurel' because of the similarity of foliage and appearance to the true laurel, "../Laurus nobilis/". However, the two plants are not related.
Over 40 cultivars have been selected, including:
"Prunus laurocerasus" has been widely planted as an ornamental plant in temperate regions worldwide, and has become naturalised widely in some areas. It is often used for screening, and also as a mass landscape and ground cover plant. Most forms are tough shrubs that can cope with difficult growing conditions (including shaded and dry conditions), and which respond well to pruning. The foliage is also used for cut greenery in floristry.
Unlike the rest of the plant, which is poisonous, the cherries are edible, although rather bland and with a somewhat astringent flavour compared to the fruit of apricots, true cherries, plums, and peaches, to which it is related. The seeds contained within the berries are poisonous like the rest of the plant, containing cyanogenic glycosides and amygdalin. This chemical composition is what gives the smell of almonds when the leaves are crushed.
Laurel water, a distillation made from the plant, has a pharmacological usage.
In some regions such as the Pacific Northwest of the United States, this species is an invasive plant. Its rapid growth, coupled with its evergreen habit and its tolerance of drought and shade, often allow it to out-compete and kill off native plant species. This reduces the overall diversity of ecosystems and impacts other plants and animals that live there negatively. It is also difficult to control once it has naturalised, because some species of birds eat the fruits and spread the seeds in their droppings.
The Black Cherry ("Prunus serotina", also occasionally Wild Black Cherry, Rum Cherry, or Mountain Black Cherry) is a large forest tree native to eastern North America from southern Quebec and Ontario south to Texas and central Florida, with disjunct populations in Arizona and New Mexico, and in the mountains of Mexico and Guatemala. It is a member in the subgenus "Padus".
Black Cherry is a deciduous tree growing to 15-30 m tall with a trunk diameter of up to 70-120 cm, occasionally more. The leaves are simple, 6-14 cm long, with a serrated margin. The flowers are in racemes, small (10-15 mm diameter), with five white petals and about 20 stamens, and are fragrant; there are around 40 flowers on each raceme. The fruit is a drupe, 1 cm diameter, green to red at first, ripening black; it is usually astringent and bitter to eat fresh, but sometimes sweet. The fruit is readily eaten by birds, which do not taste astringency as unpleasant.
Mature Black Cherry can easily be identified in a forest by its platy, dark grey to black bark, which has the appearance of very thick, burnt potato chips. However, for about the first decade or so of its life, the bark resembles that of a Birch, and is thin and striped. It can also quickly be identified by its long, shiny leaves resembling that of a Sourwood, and by an almond-like odor when a young twig is scratched and held close to the nose.
Black Cherry is closely related to the Chokecherry ("../Prunus virginiana/"), from which it differs in the larger leaves and the cherries, which are black when ripe (hence the name), not red, though some populations of Chokecherry also produce black fruit.
The Black Cherry is a pioneer species. In the Midwest, it is seen growing mostly in old fields with other sunlight loving species, such as Black Walnut, Black locust, and Hackberry. It is a moderately long-lived tree, with ages of up to 258 years known, though it is prone to storm damage with branches breaking easily; any decay resulting however only progresses slowly
There are two subspecies:
The typical subsp. "serotina" is sometimes further divided into four varieties, var. "serotina" in the east of the range, var. "eximia" in Texas, and vars. "rufula" and "virens" in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
The fruit is suitable for making jam and cherry pies; they are also a popular flavoring for sodas and used in many ice creams.
The timber is valuable, perhaps the premier cabinetry timber of the U.S., traded as "cherry". It is known for its strong red color and high price.
The foliage, particularly when wilted, contains cyanogenic glycosides which convert to hydrogen cyanide if eaten by animals. It is recommended that farmers remove any Black Cherry trees that fall in a field containing livestock, because the wilted leaves could poison the animals. Removal is not always practical though, because Black Cherries often grow in very large numbers on farms, taking advantage of the light brought about by mowing and grazing. Entire fencerows can be lined with this poisonous tree, making it difficult to monitor all the branches falling into the grazing area.
Black Cherry is locally naturalized in parts of Europe, having escaped from cultivation as an ornamental tree.
Generally propagated by seed.
Wood is harvested when trees are mature (at least 24" diameter). Cherries can be difficult to harvest because of the height of the tree.
See List of Lepidoptera which feed on "Prunus". The ../Eastern tent caterpillar/ defoliates entire groves some springs.
Often the easiest and most effective way to control weeds is to simply pull them out by the root and dispose of them.
The first step in removing weeds from a garden is knowing which plants are weeds, and which are not. Inexperienced gardeners should always have an identification guide handy to help with this, or use on-line resources such as the on Wikiversity. Once identified, further reading will let the gardener know what kind of root system the weeds have, how they set seed, and whether they are safe to compost. 
Once the weeds are identified, the gardener should start pulling them out. If soil consitions are not conducive to getting the full root out (e.g., too dry or frozen), it's generally better to either change the conditions first (e.g., by watering) or just coming back another time, since most weeds will regrow from the root if only the tops are removed.
Many weeds will simply break off at the ground if pulled using a quick, jerking motion, so pull slowly but firmly to ease the whole plant out of the ground. If a root will not come out, either use a tool such as a hand cultivator or mattock to grub it out, or for large weeds (particularly woody ones), just cut it below ground level using loppers.
Never leave weeds in piles, either in the garden bed or on an adjacent lawn or other surface, since in many cases the seeds will continue to mature and disperse even after the weeds have been pulled. Most weeds can be composted, though if seeds are present heat composting may be required. Some weeds should simply be burned or sent to the landfill if they are particularly invasive. 
Pulling Weeds
First things first
Putting a Garden Plan into Action
Firethorn (Pyracantha) is a genus of thorny evergreen large shrubs in the family Rosaceae, subfamily Maloideae. They are native from southeast Europe east to southeast Asia, and are closely related to "../Cotoneaster/", but have serrated leaf margins and numerous thorns (Cotoneasters are thornless).
The plants reach up to 6 m tall. The seven species have white flowers and either red, orange, or yellow berries (more correctly pomes). The flowers are produced during late spring and early summer; the pomes develop from late summer, and mature in late autumn.
Pyracanthas are valuable ornamental plants, grown in gardens for their decorative flowers and fruit, often very densely borne. Their dense thorny structure makes them particularly valued in situations where an impenetrable barrier is required. The aesthetic characteristics, in conjunction with their home security qualities, makes them a considerable alternative to artificial fences and walls
They are also a good shrub for a wildlife garden, providing dense cover for roosting and nesting birds, summer flowers for bees and an abundance of berries as a food source. Pyracantha berries are not poisonous as commonly thought; although they are very bitter, they are edible when cooked and are sometimes made into jelly.
San Jose scale is a pest of both orchards and ornamental plants. The insect is originally from China, but introduced in North America in the late 1900s as an invasive species.
Circular hard scales, generally in great numbers. Adult males are winged, females remain under the scale.
Severe infestations can kill the host plant if not treated.
Raised beds are garden beds which are raised above the level of the surrounding soil. They are used both in gardens and on small farms as a way of making gardens easy to work on, and as a way of preserving soil structure, since raised beds aren't meant to be walked on.
Raised beds are usually contained with a hard border such as logs, timber, cinder blocks, or even concrete. They are usually designed to be from 3 to 5 feet wide, which allows every part of the bed to be within arms reach for planting, maintenance, and harvesting.
Raised beds are particularly useful when there are drainage issues, stumps, or other problems with the soil.
Raised beds can be created at any time of year, including winter. 
Beds should not be too wide to reach across from either side
Inter-rows will need to be maintained. For small interrows mulches or gravel can be used. If interrows are to be maintained as turf, leave plenty of room for the mower, accounting for subsidence.
Logs should be as long as possible, at least 6 inches diameter. 
While dumping compost, buttress the siding logs with short logs or stone. Eventually use wedges.
When possible, build the beds when the soil is frozen or very dry to avoid rutting.
Add enough soil to leave a fairly high mound, as the compost will settle over time. 
When the logs rot away, either replace them or return the area to tilled soil for a time.
../Making Raised Beds with Tractors/
Raised Beds
Lesser celandine, ("Ranunculus ficaria", syns. "Ficaria grandiflora", "Ficaria verna"), is a low-growing perennial native to Eurasia, but introduced into other parts of the world where it has escaped from cultivation.
Lesser Celandine is a low-growing, hairless perennial plant, with fleshy dark green, heart-shaped leaves. It is a spring ephemeral, meaning that the foliage dies down after seeds are set in early summer.
The flowers are yellow, turning white as they age. Ranunculus ficaria exists in both diploid and tetraploid forms which are very similar in appearance. However, the tetraploid type prefer more shady locations and frequently develops bulbils at the base of the stalk. These two variants are sometimes referred to as distinct sub-species, "R. ficaria ficaria" and "R. ficaria bulbifer" respectively. The plant is found throughout Europe and west Asia and is now introduced in North America. It prefers bare, damp ground and in the UK it is often a persistent garden weed.
In many parts of the northern United States and Canada, lesser celandine is an invasive weed. It can be a difficult weed to eradicate both in gardens and in woodlands or meadows.
According to Gilbert White, a diarist writing around 1800 in the Hampshire village of Selborne, the plants came out on February 21st, but it is more commonly reported to flower from March until May, and is sometimes called the "spring messenger" as a consequence. It is sometimes planted (or at least tolerated) for the early flowers and the glossy foliage.
The plant used to be known as Pilewort, as it was used to treat hemorrhoids. Supposedly the knobbly tubers of the plant resemble piles, and according to the Doctrine of signatures this resemblance suggests that pilewort could be used to cure piles. The German vernacular Scharbockskraut (Scurvywort) derives from the use of the early leaves, which are high in vitamin C, against scurvy.
If you would like to see a topic addressed in Horticulture, please add your request below:
Requests
Resistant varieties are plants within a certain group that are less vulnerable to attack by plant pests or diseases. In seed catalogs, these are often indicated by codes, which may vary from company to company. 
The use of resistant varieties is strongly recommended if pest or disease issues have arisen in the past. 
See:
For plants, see:
Rorippa sylvestris (Creeping Yellowcress , Keek, Yellow Fieldcress; syn. "Radicula sylvestris" (L.) Druce ) is an invasive species ) in the United States.
Rosette-forming perennial with pinnatifid leaves and clusters of yellow flowers. Colonizes rapidly via underground rhizomes. 
Considered a noxious weed in parts of the United States.
Multiflora Rose (Rosa multiflora), is a species of rose native to China, Japan and Korea, but also present in other parts of the world as an invasive weed. It is particularly problematic for wooded areas and meadows because of its dense growth and copious thorns which make removal difficult.
It is a scrambling shrub climbing over other plants to a height of 3-5 m or sometimes higher in trees, with stout stems with recurved thorns. The leaves are 5-10 cm long, compound, with 5-9 leaflets and feathered stipules. The flowers are produced in long panicles, each flower small, 1.5-4 cm diameter, white or pink, borne in early summer. The hips are reddish to purple, 6-8 mm diameter.
In eastern North America, Multiflora Rose has become an invasive species, though it was originally planted as a soil conservation measure and as a wildlife attracting plant. It is readily distinguished from American native roses by its flower or seed heads, which bear multiple flowers and hips, often more than a dozen, while the native species bear only one or a few on a branch.
Over time this plant has become a serious ecological problem because of its ability to grow in diverse light, soil, and moisture conditions, and because its seeds are widely broadcast by birds. Once established, it forms nearly impenetrable thickets that displace native understory plants and can become a fire hazard in wilderness areas. Some places classify Multiflora rose as a "noxious weed". In grazing areas, this rose is generally considered to be a serious pest, though it is considered excellent fodder for goats.
Multiflora Rose is grown as an ornamental plant, and also used as a rootstock for grafting ornamental rose cultivars.
Because of the thorny, tough nature of this plant, heavy equipment duch as tractors or backhoes are often employed where possible. 
Rosemary ("Rosmarinus officinalis") is a woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves. It is native to the Mediterranean region and in Uruguay. It is a member of the mint family Lamiaceae, which also includes many other herbs. The name derives from the Latin name "rosmarinus", meaning "dew of the sea". 
Forms range from upright to trailing; the upright forms can reach 1.5 m tall, rarely 2 m. The leaves are evergreen, 2-4 cm long and 2-5 mm broad, green above, and white below with dense short woolly hairs. The flowers are variable in color, being white, pink, purple, or blue.
Well-drained soils in full sun. Grows well in containers.
The fresh and dried leaves are used frequently in traditional Mediterranean cuisine as an herb; they have a bitter, astringent taste, which complements oily foods, such as lamb and oily fish. A tisane can also be made from them. They are extensively used in cooking, and when burned gives off a distinct mustard smell, which can be used to flavor foods while barbecueing.
Since it is attractive and tolerates some degree of drought, it is also used in landscaping, especially in areas having a Mediterranean climate. It can in fact die in over-watered soil, but is otherwise quite easy to grow for beginner gardeners. It is very pest-resistant.
Rosemary is easily pruned into shapes and has been used for topiary. When grown in pots, it is best kept trimmed to stop it getting too straggly and unsightly, though when grown in a garden, rosemary can grow quite large and still be attractive. It can be propagated from an existing plant by clipping a shoot 10-15 cm long, stripping a few leaves from the bottom, and planting it directly into soil.
Rosemary is a useful food preservative, according to research published in 1987 by Rutgers University, New Jersey. Researchers at Rutgers patented a chemical derived from rosemary that compares favorably with BHA and BHT in its preservative properties.
Rosemary can be added as an unusual extra flavoring in lemonade.
Rosemary has been found to be a stimulant and mild analgesic, and has been used to treat headaches, poor circulation, and many ailments for which stimulants are prescribed. 
It can be used as a disinfectant, as a mouth wash and to treat fever or rheumatism.
Externally it can be used in hair lotions; a few drops of Rosemary oil massaged into the scalp, then rinsed with an infusion of nettles can revitalize the hair. Used in this manner, it is supposed to prevent premature baldness. Rosemary is also reported to stop dandruff.
Hungary water was first invented for a Queen of Hungary to 'renovate vitality of paralysed limbs'. It was used externally and prepared by mixing 180g of fresh rosemary tops in full flower into a liter of fresh rosemary tops in full flower into a liter of spirits of wine. Leave to stand for four days then distill. It is also supposed to work as a remedy against gout if rubbed vigorously on hands and feet.
Rosemary has a very old reputation for improving memory, and has been used as a symbol for remembrance (during weddings, war commemorations and funerals) in Europe, probably as a result of this reputation. Students in ancient Greece are reported to have worn sprigs of rosemary in their hair while studying for exams to improve their memory, and mourners would throw it into graves as a symbol of remembrance for the dead. In Shakespeare's Hamlet, Ophelia says, "There's rosemary, that's for remembrance".
Rosemary and its constituents carnosol and ursolic acid have been shown to inhibit the growth of skin tumors and to provide a natural anti-oxidant protection against skin cancer and photodamage.
Health Precautions: In some cases, rosemary can cause autoimmune diseases. Rosemary in culinary or therapeutic doses is generally safe, however precaution is necessary for those displaying allergic reaction, or those prone to epileptic seizure. Rosemary essential oil is a powerful convulsant; if applied to the skin, it may cause seizures in otherwise healthy adults or children.
Rosemary essential oil is potentially toxic if ingested. Large quantities of rosemary leaves can cause adverse reactions, such as coma, spasm, vomiting, and pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs) that can be fatal. Avoid consuming large quantities of rosemary if pregnant or breastfeeding.
Cut flowers off to encourage more leaf production. In hardiness zones below 7, the plant should be brought indoors in winter.
Most commonly propagated via stem cuttings.
Cut leafy stems (removing flowers, if present). Dry by hanging upside down in a dark area.
Rot is a symptom that can have many causes, such as bacteria, fungi, or nematodes. The organisms that cause rots can either be the primary infectious agent, or more commonly opportinistic organisms that enter through wounds or following infection by other pathogens. 
Rots are grouped by the part of the plant affected. 
Roundup is the brand name of a systemic, broad-spectrum herbicide produced by the United States company Monsanto. It is the most used herbicide in the world, and the top-selling agrichemical of all time. Monsanto developed and patented the glyphosate molecule in the 1970s, and marketed Roundup from 1973. It retained exclusive rights in the US until its US patent expired in September, 2000, and maintained a predominant marketshare in countries where the patent expired earlier.
Weeds and grass will generally re-emerge within one to two months after usage. Because of this mode of action, it is only effective on actively growing plants; it is not effective as a pre-emergence herbicide. Due to the absorption being limited to foliage, soil-bound glyphosate is effectively inert.
The active ingredient of Roundup is the isopropylamine salt of glyphosate. Glyphosate's mode of action is to inhibit an enzyme involved in the synthesis of the amino acids tyrosine, tryptophan and phenylalanine. It is absorbed through foliage and translocated to growing points. 
The surfactants used in the Roundup products may cause health issues. Like all herbicides, Roundup should only be applied in accordance with all labeling and legal requirements.
The US Environmental Protection Agency, the EC Health and Consumer Protection Directorate, and the UN World Health Organization have all independently concluded that glyphosate is not carcinogenic.
The toxicity of Roundup has been questioned, not so much because of its active agent (glyphosate) but because of the inactive ingredients, including the surfactant polyoxy-ethyleneamine (POEA) . These components are responsible for "acute" toxicity to humans such as eye irritation. Ingestion of Roundup has been proven to cause diarrhea following extremely high exposures. 
Roundup has also been found by researchers at Texas Tech University to disrupt the expression of steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR) which has a role in testosterone production in males .
Due to heavy use of the herbicide, and its glyphosate-tolerant counterpart plants, fears have arisen that repeated exposure and cross breeding may eventually cause unwanted plants and weeds that might mutate into Roundup tolerant forms effectively creating a superweed.
Rubus occidentalis is a species of "../Rubus/" native to eastern North America. The common name Black Raspberry is shared with the closely related western American species "../Rubus leucodermis/". Other names occasionally used include wild black raspberry, black caps, black cap raspberry, and thimbleberry.
"Rubus occidentalis" is a deciduous shrub growing to 2–3 m tall, with thorny shoots. The leaves are pinnate, with five leaflets on leaves strong-growing stems in their first year, and three leaflets on leaves on flowering branchlets. The flowers are distinct in having long, slender sepals 6–8 mm long, more than twice as long as the petals. The round-shaped fruit is a 12–15 mm diameter aggregation of drupelets; it is edible, and has a high content of anthocyanins and ellagic acid.
Black raspberries are high in anthocyanins. This has led to them being very useful as natural dyes and, since anthocyanins are powerful antioxidants, to a great deal of interest in them for their potential nutraceutical value. Extensive work has been ongoing at Ohio State University to evaluate their benefit for cancer treatment in mammalian test systems, and the first clinical trials on patients with esophageal cancer.
It is also closely related to the raspberries "../Rubus idaeus/" and "../Rubus strigosus/", sharing the distinctively white underside of the leaves and fruit that readily detaches from the carpel, but differing in the ripe fruit being black, and in the stems being more thorny. The black fruit makes them look like blackberries, though this is only superficial, with the taste being unique and not like either raspberry or blackberry. In much of the Mid-Atlantic United States, black raspberries are simply called "Blackberries", even though they are not. 
The center for black raspberry production is in the Willamette Valley in Oregon. The main cultivar, 'Munger', is grown on about 600 ha (1500 acres). Other cultivars include 'John Robertson', 'Allen', 'Jewel', 'Blackhawk', 'Macblack', 'Plum Farmer', 'Dundee', 'Hanover', and 'Huron'. The plants are summer tipped by hand, mechanically pruned in winter and then machine harvested. The yields are generally low per acre and this is why the fruits are often expensive.
The species has been used in the breeding of many "Rubus" hybrids; those between red and black raspberries are common under the name purple raspberries; 'Brandywine', 'Royalty' and 'Estate' are examples of purple raspberry cultivars.
The berries are typically dried, frozen or made into purées and juices or processed as colorants. Two well known liqueurs predominantly based on black raspberry fruit include France's Chambord Liqueur Royale de France and South Korea's various manufacturers of Bokbunja.
Rubus pensilvanicus (Pennsylvania Blackberry or Wild Blackberry), is a thorny bramble native to eastern North America. 
The canes are green at first but then turning dark red, usually ridged, with copious straight spines. The leaves are compound, usually bearing 5 or 7 leaflets. The flowers are white with large petals, bourne in mid-spring. The fruits are large aggregates of black drupelets, thich are somewhat sweet and often used for jams and jellies. 
While rarely planted, the wild blackberry does provide showy flowers and fruits, and is attractive to songbirds and other wildlife. Like all "Rubus" species, it can serve as a host to diseases that can affect the cultivated types.
Curled Dock ("Rumex crispus"), also known as Curley Dock or Yellow Dock, is a perennial flowering plant in the family Polygonaceae, native to Europe and western Asia, but invasive in other parts of the world.
The mature plant is a reddish brown colour, and produces a stalk that grows to about 1 m high. It has smooth leaves shooting off from a large basal rosette, with distinctive waved or curled edges. On the stalk flowers and seeds are produced in clusters on branched stems, with the largest cluster being found at the apex. The seeds are shiny, brown and encased in the calyx of the flower that produced them. This casing enables the seeds to float on water and get caught in wool and animal fur, and this helps the seeds to spread to new locations. The root-structure is a large, a yellow, forking taproot. 
Curled Dock is a widespread naturalised species throughout the temperate world, which has become a serious invasive species in many areas, including throughout North America, southern South America, New Zealand and parts of Australia. It spreads through the seeds contaminating crop seeds, and sticking to clothing.
Curled Dock grows in roadsides, all types of fields, and low-maintenance crops. It prefers rich, moist and heavy soils.
It can be used as a wild leaf vegetable; the young leaves should be boiled in several changes of water, or can be added directly to salads. Once the plant matures it becomes too bitter to consume. Dock leaves are an excellent source of both vitamine A and protein.
The roots have also been used medicinally as an astringent, tonic, and laxative.
Rusts are a group of plant pathogenic fungi which both cause aesthetic damage and inhibit healthy plant growth. Individual rust fungi have very limited host ranges, but often alternate between two hosts as part of their life cycle.
Rusts are primarily foliar diseases, and the most obvious sign is the presence of the fruiting bodies on the leaves, which are brown or orange ("rust colored"). Further symptoms include yellowing and dying leaves, and overall weakness of infected plants.
Rusts are fungi of the order Uredinales. Many of these species are plant parasites. Some are superficially similar to the smuts, although their relation to each other is not clear. The taxonomy of Urediniomycota, as a whole, is in a state of flux. 
Many of the rusts have two or more hosts (referred to as "heteroecious") and up to five spore stages. However they most commonly reproduce via asexual spore production. Their spores are airborne and can travel great distances. They mostly cause foliar infections. 
The group received its common name from the fact that some species have a reddish spore stage, which resembles the corrosion process known as rust.
Rust occurs on many species of plant, but in most causes any one species of rust can only infect one species of plant. The following describes the infection process of asexual spores. 
When a rust conidia spore lands on a plant surface it needs to attach to it, or it would simply be washed off. First, weak, hydrophobic interactions are formed between the spore and the cutin of the plant cell surface. Then unknown signals cause the production of hydrophobic mucilaginous macromolecules called adhesins. These will stick the spore irreversibly to the plant surface. Once attached, the spore will germinate.
Rust fungi penetrate the plant by using the natural opening of the stomata, but first the growing germ tube must locate it. Rust fungi have evolved to more efficiently locate stomata by the use of thigmotropism. The germ tube grows in a random manor until it reaches a ridge between epidermal cells. At this point it will start to grow perpendicular to the ridge, greatly increasing its chances of locating a stomata.
The stomata is the site of appresorium formation, a structure that functions to both firmly anchor the fungus and aid in penetration. In the rust fungi appresorial formation is controlled by a process of thigmodifferentiation. Appresoria are formed when the germ tube detects ridges that match the dimensions of the stomatal lips of its host species. 
It has been proposed that this process is mediated by a mechanosensitive calcium ion channel that is located at the germ tube tip. This ion channel would transduce the stretching of the cell membrane caused by changes in leaf topography into ion fluxes that lead to changes in gene expression and appresorium formation.. This theory is supported by experiments that show that applying Ca externally to the germ tube causes differentiation.
From the appresoria an infection peg growns down into the plant and between the mesophyll cells.
Rust fungi are biotrophs, meaning they gain their nutrients from living cells. This requires a specialised entension of the fungi into a living plant cell called a haustoria. This develops from a haustorial mother cell. The plant cell membrane invaginates around the main haustorial body and the space between the two membranes becomes known as the extra-haustorial matrix. An iron and phosphorous rich neck band bridges the plant and fungal membranes and acts as a seal preventing the escape of nutrients into the plant apoplast. The haustoria contains amino acid and hexose sugar transporters and H-ATPases for the active transport of nutrients from the plant cell.
The rust fungi will then continue to grow and invade the plant until it is ready for sporulation.
Salvia guaranitica (Anise-scented sage or Hummingbird sage) is a species of sage native to South America, including Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Argentina. 
It is a perennial or subshrub growing 1-3 m tall. The leaves are ovate, 4-13 cm long, mint green, and anise-scented when crushed. The inflorescences are up to 25 cm long, with each flower 3-5 cm long in varying shades of blue, with a dark basal calyx 10-12 mm long. Flowering begins in mid summer and continues through late autumn.
Salvia guaranitica is only a perennial in USDA Zones 7 to 10, but can be perennial in cooler climates, if planted in sunny microclimate.
Deep, well-drained soils with adequate irrigation during drought periods. Water needs are low. In colder climates, the plant should be sited against a building or masonry.
Numerous cultivars have been selected, including:
"Salvia guaranitica" is a popular ornamental plant in mild areas where the temperature does not fall below −12 °C. It is most often planted in order to attract hummingbirds.
Prune to the ground in early spring, before new stems grow. Can be sheared to encourage bushiness. Staking is sometimes necessary. Excellent container plant.
Division or stem cuttings. In colder climates, it can be dug in early autumn and kept indoors either in a pot or in vermiculite for dormant storage. It's hardiness can be greatly extended if planted against a building or masonry to maintain higher winter soil temperatures.
See "../Salvia/" for a list of pests and diseases affecting the genus "Salvia".
Soapwort ("Saponaria officinalis") is a common perennial plant from the carnation family (Caryophyllaceae). Other common names are Bouncing Bet and Sweet William.
The Latin name is derived from the toxic substance saponin, contained in the roots. It starts producing a lather when in contact with water. The epithet "officinalis" indicates its medicinal functions. However, it acquired its common name through utility in cleaning.
Soapwort's native range extends throughout Europe to western Siberia. It grows in cool places at low or moderate elevations under hedgerows and along the shoulders of roadways.
In the northern hemisphere soapwort blooms from May to September, and in the southern hemisphere October to March.
The plants possesses leafy, unbranched stems (often tinged with red) grow in patches, attaining a height of 70 cm. The broad, lanceolate, sessile leaves are opposite and between 4 and 12 cm long. It's sweetly scented flowers are radially symmetrical and pink, or sometimes white. Each of the five flat petals have two small scales in the throat of the corolla. They are about 2.5 cm wide. They are arranged in dense, terminal clusters on the main stem and its branches. The long tubular calyx has five pointed red teeth.
Soapwort has various medicinal functions as an expectorant and laxative, but care should be taken when used as saponins may be toxic. An overdose can cause nausea, diarrhoea and vomiting.
Despite its toxic potential, soapwort finds culinary use as an emulsifier in the commercial preparation of tahini halva and in brewing to create beer with a good "head". In India, the rhizome is used as a galactagogue.
Sawflies make up the suborder Symphyta, a group of largely herbivorous insects in the order Hymenoptera. This group is an artificial assemblage of superfamilies that are essentially the most primitive taxa within the Hymenoptera (some going back 200 million years).
Sawflies are distinguishable from most other Hymenoptera by the broad connection between the abdomen and the thorax "(see image)", and the caterpillar-like larvae (below). The common name comes from the appearance of the ovipositor, which looks much like the blade of a saw. This ovipositor, which is modified into a "stinger" in some members of the Apocrita, is not used as a weapon. Females use the ovipositor to cut into plants where they lay their eggs. A few species have long thin ovipositors used to drill holes deep into wood. Large populations can cause economic damage in cultivated areas and forests.
The larvae look like caterpillars (the larvae of moths and butterflies), with two notable exceptions; (1) they have five or more prolegs on the abdomen (caterpillars have five or fewer), and (2) they have two ocelli (eyes), instead of the caterpillar's six. Typical sawfly larvae are herbivorous, the group feeding on a wide range of plants. Individual species, however, are often quite specific in their choice of plants used for food. The larvae of various species exhibit leaf-mining, leaf-rolling, or gall formation. The larvae that do not feed externally on plants are grub-like, without prolegs.
Adult sawflies, except for those in the family Cephidae, have structures that latch onto the underside of the forewings to help hold the wings in place when the insect is at rest. These "cenchri", which are absent in the suborder Apocrita, are located behind the scutellum on the thorax. Adults of some species are carnivorous, eating other insects, but many also feed on nectar. 
The scale insects are small insects of the order ../Hemiptera/, generally classified as the superfamily Coccoidea. There are over 7,000 species of scale insects, all of which are parasites of plants, feeding on sap drawn directly from the plant's vascular system. 
Scale insects vary dramatically in their appearance from very small organisms (1-2 mm) that occur under wax covers (some look like oyster shells), to shiny pearl-like objects (about 5 mm), to creatures covered with mealy wax. Adult female scales are immobile and permanently attached to the plant they have parasitized. They secrete a waxy coating for defense; this coating causes them to resemble reptilian scales, hence the name.
Scale insects feed on a wide variety of plants, and many scale species are considered pests. Some types are economically valuable, such as the cochineal and lac scales. Scale insects' waxy covering makes them quite resistant to pesticides, which are only effective against the juvenile "crawler" stage. However, scale can be controlled with horticultural oil, which suffocates them, or through biological controls. Soapy water is also reported to be effective against infestations on houseplants. Female scale insects, unusually for Hemiptera, retain their larval form at sexual maturity (neoteny). Adult males have wings but never feed and die within a day or two. The specifics of their reproductive systems vary considerably within the group, including hermaphroditism and seven forms of parthenogenesis.
Scales feed on a very wide variety of plants, though most of the particular species have fairly narrow host ranges. If the particular scale can be identified, part of the control strategy is to inspect the area for other host plants, since the scale insects do not travel very far.
Southern Blight is a serious fungal disease affecting a wide variety of both food crops and ornamental plants. Southern blight is a serious problem for both agriculture and the nursery industry, and is very hard to eradicate once established in a garden. 
Affected plants show signs including wilted leaves and soft, rotten crowns, often followed by the death of the infected plant. 
The fungus is microscopic when inside the plant tissue, but eventually the organism forms sclerotia, which are an asexual dormant body which are visible to the naked eye, and look like white, yellow, or brown mustard seeds.
The fungus overwinters as a sclerotium, which is a dense mass of hyphae with a hard outer shell. When Warm, humid conditions are present, the sclerotia "germinate", and infect plant parts. The pathogen is not systemic on the plant, so removing infected parts can help control the disease.
Screens are plantings used to block wind, sunlight, or views, and are an important feature in both landscapes and agriculture. 
Screens planted to block wind are in most cases large trees, with large conifers being the most common plants used.
Screens used to block views (called "privacy screens" when the objective is to prevent views from the outside) are usually evergreens, often maintained as high hedges. 
Screens
Seed Banking refers to populations of seeds in the soil over long periods, primarily applied to weeds. Many weeds create seed banks, which allow them to germinate even if the previous year's plants did not have an opportunity to set seeds.
Seed Banking
The selectivity of pesticides (including herbicides) refers to how narrow a range of organisms it kills. For example, some herbicides only affect broadleaf plants or grasses, while while others kill all plants (the latter type is called unselective). 
Ragwort (Senecio jacobaea) is a very common wild flower in the family ../Asteraceae/ that is found throughout Europe, usually in dry, open places, and has also been widely distributed as a weed elsewhere. 
Alternative names include Cushag, Tansy Ragwort, St. James-wort, Ragweed, Stinking Nanny/Ninny/Willy, Staggerwort, Dog Standard, Cankerwort, Stammerwort and Mare's Fart. In the western US it is generally known as "Tansy Ragwort", or even more confusingly "Tansy", though its resemblance to the true tansy is superficial at best. This is a potentially dangerous misuse of names, since the true tansy has been used for culinary purposes.
Ragwort contains many different alkaloids, making it poisonous to animals. In theory it is also toxic to humans but the dose required would be enormous. Alkaloids which have been found in the plant are acetylerucifoline, (Z)-erucifoline, (E)-erucifoline, 21-hydroxyintegerrimine, integerrimine, jacoline, jaconine, jacobine, jacozine, riddelline, retrorsine, senecivernine, senecionine, seneciphylline, spartioidine, and usaramine.
Ragwort is of concern to people who keep horses, cattle, goats, and sheep. In areas of the world where ragwort is a native plant, such as Britain and continental Europe, documented cases of proven poisoning are rare. In other areas the plant may become much more invasive and constitute a problem. Although horses do not normally eat ragwort due to its bitter taste, if the growth is particularly dense or if it has been picked and dried out, and it is taken while grazing, the result, if a large quantity is consumed, can be irreversible cirrhosis of the liver. Signs that a horse has been poisoned include yellow mucus membranes, depression, and lack of coordination. Animals may also resort to the consumption of Ragwort when there is shortage of food. In rare cases they can even become addicted to it. Sheep, in marked contrast, eat small quantities of the plant with relish and without apparent harm. They seem to profit slightly from eating it, according to some reports the alkaloids kill worms in the sheep's stomach.
The danger of Ragwort is that the toxin can have a cumulative effect. The toxin does not actually accumulate in the liver but a breakdown product can damage DNA and gradually kill cells. About 3-7% of the body weight is sometimes claimed as deadly for horses, but an example in the scientific literature exists of a horse surviving being fed over 20% of its body weight. However, because of the mode of poisoning is through affecting DNA molecules, very small amounts are unlikely to cause harm as they will be below the threshold to cause damage. The toxic breakdown products can also be metabolised by the liver before damage occurs. The effect of low doses is also lessened by the destruction of the original alkaloids by the action of bacteria in the digestive track before they reach the bloodstream. There is no known antidote or cure to poisoning, but at least one example is known from the scientific literature of a horse making a full recovery once consumption has been stopped.
Honey collected from Ragwort has been found to contain small quantities of jacoline, jaconine, jacobine, jacozine, senecionine, and seneciphylline. However these are unlikely to cause harm since the quantities consumed are below the harm threshold.
In the United Kingdom, Common Ragwort "(Senecio jacobaea)" is one of the five plants named as an "injurious weed" under the provisions of the Weeds Act 1959. The word "injurious" in this context indicates that it could be harmful to agriculture not that it is dangerous to animals, as all the other "injurious weeds" listed are non-toxic. Under the terms of this act, a land occupier can be required by the Secretary of State (DEFRA) to prevent the spread of the plant. However, the growth of the plant is not made illegal by the act and there is no statutory obligation for control placed upon landowners in general.
The plant is biennial or perennial. The stems are erect, straight, have no or few hairs, and reach a height of 0.3-2.0 meters. The leaves are pinnately lobed and the end lobe is blunt. The many names that include the word "stinking" (and Mare's Fart) arise because of the unpleasant smell of the leaves. The hermaphrodite flower heads are 1.5-2.5 cm diameter, and are borne in dense, flat-topped clusters; the florets are bright yellow. It has a long flowering period lasting from June to November. 
Sunny locations, adaptable to a wide range of soils.
Two subspecies are accepted:
Ragwort can be found along road sides and waste grounds, and grows in all cool and high rainfall areas. 
The Ragwort is native to the Eurasian continent. In Europe it is widely spread, from Scandinavia to the Mediterranean. In Britain it is listed as a weed. In the USA it has been introduced, and is present mainly in the North West and North East: California, Idaho, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Montana, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, and Washington.
In South America it grows in Argentina, in Africa in the north, and on the Asian continent in India and Siberia. It is widespread weed in New Zealand and Australia. In many Australian states ragwort has been declared a noxious weed. This status requires landholders to remove it from their property, by law.
Pollination is by a wide range of bees, flies, moths and butterflies. Over a season, one plant may produce 2,000 to 2,500 yellow flowers in 20- to 60-headed, flat-topped corymbs. This number of seeds produced may be as large as 75,000 to 200,000, although in its native range in Eurasia very few of these would grow into new plants and research has shown that most seeds do not travel a great distance from the parent plant.
From medieval times to the mid 20th century, Ragwort was used against inflammations of the eye, for sore and cancerous ulcers, rheumatism, sciatica and gout, for painful joints. According to some, it would relieve the pain of bee stings.
All applications should be external only, never internally, and only under professional supervision.
With the large range of pyrrolizidine alkaloids, which are known to inhibit or reduce cell division, some researchers hope to use them to slow down or arrest the growth of cells in cancer.
In ancient Greece and Rome a supposed aphrodisiac was made from the plant; it was called satyrion.
The leaves can be used to obtain good green dye, as yellow dye is obtained from the flowers, as can be done for brown and orange.
See "../Senecio/" for a list of pests and diseases affecting the genus.
Groundsel ("Senecio vulgaris") is a cosmopolitan (world-wide) annual plant in the family ../Asteraceae/. It is a common weed of agricultural fields, gardens, and other areas of exposed and regularly disturbed ground. 
There are several other species of Groundsel, all of which are typically weedy but with usually more attractive flowers in as much as they have ray florets ("petals") around the margin of the flower head like most other members of the Daisy family.
Extremely variable in all its parts, the deeply toothed leaves and slightly fleshy stems topped with rayless, yellow flower heads ("capitula") and fluffy white seed heads are very familiar to gardeners everywhere.
This plant can grow from seed to seeding in only a few weeks and do so in all types of soils, damp or dry. The windblown seeds make its presence in the garden almost inevitable.
A good nectar source in the cold seasons.
Setaria is a genus of grasses, including some problem weed species.
The species share in common a "fox-tail" inflorescence.
Shredded Leaves are often considered to be the best organic mulch available for use in the garden. Leaves contain a great number of ../Nutrients/, are lightweight, and biodegrade quickly. 
The major disadvantage to shredded leaves is that they are almost never available commercially, so the gardener generally has to make them herself using either a leaf shredder or by running them over with a lawn mower. 
Shredded Leaves
Shrubs
Shrubs
Slugs are gastropod molluscs without shells or with very small internal shells, in contrast to snails, which have a prominent coiled shell. The loss or reduction of the shell is a derived character, and the same basic body design has independently evolved several times, making slugs a polyphyletic group. Although they undergo torsion (180 degree twisting of internal organs) during development, their bodies are streamlined and worm-like, and so show little external evidence of it. Slugs include both marine and terrestrial species. The soft, slimy bodies of slugs are prone to desiccation, so land-living slugs are confined to moist environments.
Some species of slug are notable garden pests, and can cause considerable damage to both leafy vegetables (especially the brassicas) and "fruit vegetables" such as ../Tomato/es. There are various methods of controlling them. Best results may be achieved by combining several of the methods mentioned below.
Slugs macerate food using their radula, a rough, tongue-like organ with many tiny tooth-like denticles.
Like snails, slugs have two pairs of 'feelers' or "tentacles" on their head. The upper pair--"optical tentacles"--are light sensors; the lower pair provides the sense of smell. Both pairs are retractable and can be regrown if lost. On top of the slug, behind the head, is the saddle-shaped "mantle," and under this are the genital opening and anus. The mantle also has a hole, the "pneumostome," for respiration. The slug moves by rhythmic muscular action of its "foot".
Among the various species of land slug are the grey field slug, "Deroceras reticulatus"; the garden slug "Arion hortensis"; the leopard slug, "Limax maximus"; and the banana slug, "Ariolimax columbianus".
Most slugs eat leaves, fungus, and decaying vegetable material, but some are predators and most also eat carrion including dead of their own kind. Frogs, toads, snakes, hedgehogs, and some birds and beetles are natural slug predators. Slugs, when attacked, can contract their body, making themselves harder and more compact and thus more difficult for many animals to get a hold of. The unpleasant taste of the mucus is also a deterrent.
Slugs produce two types of mucus: one which is thin and watery, and another which is thick and sticky. Both are hygroscopic. The thin mucus is spread out from the centre of the foot to the edges. The thick mucus spreads out from front to back.
Mucus is very important to slugs as it helps them move around, and contains fibres which prevent the slug from sliding down vertical surfaces. Mucus also provides protection against predators and helps retain moisture. Some species use slime cords to lower themselves on to the ground, or suspend from them during copulation.
Slugs are hermaphroditic: having both female and male reproductive organs. Once a slug has located a mate they encircle each other and sperm is exchanged through their protruding genitalia. A few days later around 30 eggs are laid into a hole in the ground. Although some species hibernate underground during the winter in temperate climates, in other species, the adults die in the autumn.
A commonly seen practice among many slugs is apophallation, when one or both of the slugs chew off the other's penis. The penis of these species is curled like a cork-screw and often becomes entangled in their mate's genitalia in the process of exchanging sperm. Apophallation allows the slugs to separate themselves. Once the penis has been removed, the slug remains female for the rest of its life.
Various species of slug can also reproduce via tiny "darts" of sperm which they fling in the direction of their mate's genitalia.
Slugs feed on a wide variety of garden plants, including strawberries and lettuce.
Almost any soil will benefit from improvement, and the overall health of the garden both over the long term and the short will be greatly improved by having a good soil to grow from. As a rule, the simple answer to soil improvement is to incorporate composts. However, the soil may need particular improvements, as indicated in a soil test. The goal is to create a soil with good tilth, appropriate levels of available nutrients, a desirable pH, and in most cases good drainage.
Improving soil in a general sense (with or without a soil test) is a physically demanding yet crucial task in the garden. As an old saying goes, "a ten dollar plant in a twenty dollar hole will grow much better than a twenty dollar plant in a ten dollar hole." That saying might be misleading in some ways (current thinking is that putting plants in "good holes" has similar long-term effects as would planting it in a container), but improving the entire garden bed will indeed make for great plants.
The best way to improve most any soil is to add composts, because a soil with lots of organic matter will be much more amenable for growing plants.
Soil Improvement
Soil solarization is a technique for sterilizing soils using strong sunlight and plastic films to create a "greenhouse effect". 
Soil Solarization
Soil and root barriers are used to control weeds or limit the spread of an aggressive plant.
Surface barriers prevent any exposure to light (and sometimes water), or simply prevent plant shoots from reaching light.
Root zone barriers are vertical barriers that prevent the roots of plants from extending into adjacent areas, and are most often used for running plants such as mints and bamboos.
Soils and Composts
Soils and Composts
The goldenrods ("Solidago" spp.) are members of a genus of plants in the famile ../Asteraceae/, native to North America. They are commonly found as wildflowers in their native range, but some are also grown as garden plants. Some species are also rather serious invasives in other parts of the world. 
About 80 perennial species make up the genus "Solidago", most being found in the meadows and pastures, along roads, ditches and waste areas in North America, and a few have naturalised in Europe. 
The different species are difficult to distinguish. Probably due to their bright, golden yellow flower heads blooming in late summer, the goldenrod is often unfairly blamed for causing hay fever in humans. The pollen causing these allergy problems is mainly produced by ../Ambrosia/ (Ragweed), which blooms at the same time as the goldenrods, but the goldenrod pollen is too heavy and sticky to be blown far from the flowers.
They have slender stems, usually hairless but "S. canadensis" shows hairs on the upper stem. They can grow to a length between 60 cm and 1.5 m. The leaves are alternate, simple, and linear to lanceolate. Their margins are usually finely to sharply serrated. Flowers are small heads borne in large showy inflorescences.
The only common thread among the various species of goldenrods is that they require full sun. Otherwise, they are naturally found everywhere from road cuts to wetlands, and everywhere in between. Some species will "flop" if growing in overly fertile soils. 
In the garden, goldenrods are grown for their showy yellow blooms borne from midsummer to late autumn, depending on the species. Most plants are too coarse for garden use, but many cultivars have been selected for dwarf size and finer foliage.
Goldenrods bloom in late summer and early fall and some species produce abundant nectar when moisture is plentiful before bloom, and the bloom period is relatively warm and sunny. Honey from goldenrods often is dark and strong due to admixtures of other nectars. However when there is a strong honey flow, a light (often water white), spicy-tasting Monofloral honey|honey is produced. While the bees are ripening the honey there is a rank odor and taste, but finished honey is much milder. 
Goldenrods are a preferred food of the monarch butterfly during their fall migration southward, and can be planted to attract them.
Goldenrods divide easily, and can become weedy if allowed to go to seed.
Caution should be taken when planting goldenrods because they are allelopathic, and can kill neighboring plants. One species, "Solidago canadensis", is invasive in Germany and China, in part due to its allelopathic trait.
Sooty mold is a fungus which grows from the sugary honeydew secreted by aphids, scales, the whitefly, and other insects which suck sap from their host plants. 
The name itself is descriptive, as sooty mold is a black, powdery coating on the leaves. Look for sooty mold on new growth and leaves, since these insects prefer soft tissue. The fungus itself does little harm to the plant; it merely blocks sunlight and very rarely may stunt a plant's growth and yellow its foliage. Thus, sooty mold is essentially a cosmetic problem, as it is unsightly and can take over a plant in a matter of days or weeks.
Sooty mold affects ornamentals such as azaleas, gardenias, camellias, crepe myrtles, and laurels. Plants located under pecan or hickory trees are more susceptible to sooty mold because honeydew-secreting insects often inhabit these trees, and the honeydew can drip down to the plants below. 
There are several means of treating sooty mold. In essence, they all boil down to controlling the pest(s) secreting the honeydew on the plant. Without honeydew there is no sooty mold. 
Some options include:
The above treatments do not permanently stop sooty mold or the insects which secrete honeydew. It is best, if you grow plants prone to the fungus, to use these treatments preventively.
Sowing is the simplest (and often the least expensive) way to bring introduce new plants into the garden. Seeds can be sown directly into the garden ("in situ"), or in containers where they are grown to a hardy size for transplanting into the garden.
In large gardens and farms, seeds are almost always sown "in situ", to avoid the additional labor involved in transplanting. 
Hand sowing is the process of casting handfuls of seed over prepared ground: broadcasting. Usually, a drag or harrow is employed to incorporate the seed into the soil. Though labor intensive for any but small areas, this method is still used in some situations. Practice is required to sow evenly and at the desired rate. A hand seeder can be used for sowing, though it is less of a help than it is for the smaller seeds of grasses and legumes.
In agriculture, most seed is now sown using a seed drill, which offers greater precision; seed is sown evenly and at the desired rate. The drill also places the seed at a measured distance below the soil, so that less seed is required. The standard design uses a fluted feed metering system, which is volumetric in nature; individual seeds are not counted. Rows are typically about 10-30 cm apart, depending on the crop species and growing conditions. Several row opener types are used depending on soil type and local tradition. Grain drills are most often drawn by tractors, but can also be pulled by horses. Pickup trucks are sometimes used, since little draft is required.
A seed rate of about 100 kg of seed per hectare (2 bushels per acre) is typical, though rates vary considerably depending on crop species, soil conditions, and farmer's preference. Excessive rates can cause the crop to lodge, while too thin a rate will result in poor utilisation of the land, competition with weeds and a reduction in the yield.
Among the major field crops, oats, wheat, and rye are sowed, grasses and legumes are seeded, and maize and soybeans are planted. In seeding, little if any soil is placed over the seeds. In planting, wider rows (generally 75 cm (30 in) or more) are used, and the intent is to have precise, even spacing between individual seeds in the row; various mechanisms have been devised to count out individual seeds at exact intervals.
Open-field refers to the form of sowing used historically in the agricultural context whereby fields are prepared generically and left open, as the name suggests, before being sown directly with seed. The seed is frequently left uncovered at the surface of the soil before germinating and therefore exposed to the prevailing climate and conditions. This is in contrast to the seedbed method used more commonly in domestic gardening or more specific (modern) agricultural scenarios where the seed is applied beneath the soil surface and monitored and manually tended frequently to ensure more successful growth rates and better yields.
Generally, seed packets labels includes: 
This information can be represented graphically.
Sowing
Spinach is an important leaf vegetable, now grown throughout the temperate regions of the world. It is most productive in cool seasons and climates, since heat will cause the spinach to bolt.
Spinach ("Spinacia oleracea") is a flowering plant in the family ../Amaranthaceae/, native to central and southwestern Asia. It is an annual plant (rarely biennial plant|biennial), which grows to a height of up to one metre. The leaves are alternate, simple, ovate to triangular-based, very variable in size from about 3-30 cm long and 1-15 cm broad, with larger leaves at the base of the plant and small leaves higher on the flowering stem. The flowers are inconspicuous, yellow-green, 3-4 mm diameter, maturing into a small hard dry lumpy fruit cluster 5-10 mm across containing several seeds. 
Spinach is a cool-season crop, and so should be planted either in early spring (just as the soil warms) or in fall. Fall plantings will overwinter into spring for an early crop, and is also well-suited to winter greenhouses and frames.
Planting can be done "in situ", in cellpack, or in containers. It is well-suited for growing in flats only for baby greens production.
A distinction can be made between older varieties of spinach and more modern varieties. Older varieties tend to run up to seed too quickly in warm conditions. Newer varieties tend to grow more rapidly but have less of an inclination to run up to seed. The older varieties have narrower leaves and tend to have a stronger (although more bitter) taste. Most newer varieties have broader leaves and round seeds.
There are 3 basic types of spinach:
Rosemary Stanton, in her "Complete Book of Food and Nutrition", notes that silverbeet (or chard), is commonly referred to as spinach, particularly in Australia and New Zealand. Hence, there may be some popular confusion between the two vegetables.
The name "spinach" has been applied to a number of leaf vegetables, both related and unrelated to spinach:
In Indonesia, the word "bayam" is applied both to certain species of amaranth commonly eaten as a leafy vegetable, and to spinach, which is rarely seen, only in certain supermarkets but well known from Popeye cartoons.
Spinach is often harvested as a baby green or a cut-and-come-again crop. Baby greens can be harvested in as little as 2 weeks after germination.
Spinach loses much of its nutritional value with storage of more than a few days. While refrigeration slows this effect to about eight days, spinach will lose most of its folate and carotenoid content. This is worth considering when purchasing spinach out of season. If the product has been "in transit" (picked, cleaned, shipped and shelved) for more than one or two days it will need to be used almost immediately to have much nutritional benefit. This is in spite of the taste and appearance of the plant which may still seem fine.
Fresh spinach should be cleaned thoroughly and then can be stored loosely in an unsealed bag in the crisper tray of the refrigerator for a few days. Even at 4°C, spinach loses much of its nutritional value by eight days so for longer storage it should be fresh frozen, cooked and frozen or canned. Storage in the freezer can be for up to eight months.
Spiraea thunbergii (Thunberg's meadowsweet, Baby's Breath Spiraea, or "Thunberg's Spiraea"') is a plant in the rose family, native to Japan and China, and a popular landscape shrub in southeastern U.S.
"Spiraea thunbergii" is a small, long-lived shrub with thin, flexible stems. The flowers are white, borne in early spring (late March to early April) and late fall. It reaches a height of 1.5-1.8 meters (4-6 ft) and is about as wide. The alternate, simple, almost linear leaves are semideciduous.
Grows and flowers best in full sun.
This species forms an interspecific hybrid with "Spiraea japonica" L. fil. 
In the horticultural trade one can obtain several varieties of "Spiraea thunbergii", such as 'Mt Fuji' (white flowers), 'Ogon' (bright yellow flowers), 'Mellow yellow' and 'Fugino pink'
This plant produces phytotoxic cis-cinnamoyl glucosides and cis-cinnamic acid The plant-growth inhibition characteristics can be used against diverse species as lettuce ("Lactuca saliva"), pigweed ("Amaranthus retroflexus"), red clover ("Trifolium pratense"), timothy ("Phleum pratense"), and bok choy ("Brassica rapa" var "chinensis"). The characteristics of these natural chemicals indicate a potential role of cis-cinnamic acid and its glucosides as allelochemicals (chemicals, released from plants, that cause an interaction between plants and other living organisms) for use as plant growth regulators and weed suppression in agricultural fields and in natural ecosystems. 
Prune in spring just after flowers. Can be grown as a cutback shrub, or trimmed as a hedge.
Propagated by stem or root cuttings.
The beet armyworm ("Spodoptera exigua") is one of the most well-known agricultural pest insects. It is also known as the asparagus fern caterpillar, and the adult moth is known in the UK (where it is an immigrant and not known to breed) as the small mottled willow. It is native to Asia, but has been introduced worldwide and is now found almost anywhere its many host crops are grown. 
The wide host range of the beet armyworm includes ../asparagus/, ../bean/s and ../pea/s, sugar and table ../beet/s, ../celery/, ../cole crops/, ../lettuce/, ../potato/, tomato, cotton, cereals, oilseeds, tobacco, many flowers, and a multitude of weed species. The beet armyworm does not tolerate cold. It can overwinter in warm areas, such as Florida and Hawaii, but in colder areas it dies off during the winter and the region is reinvaded by the adult moth as the weather warms and crop plants sprout.
The caterpillars are greenish-brown cutworms, soft and bulging caterpillars with dark longitudinal stripes. The adult is a drab brown or gray moth 2 to 3 cm in wingspan.
The larvae feed on the foliage of plants, and can completely defoliate small ones. Smaller larvae devour the parenchyma of leaves, so that all that remains is the thin epidermis and veins. Larger larvae tend to burrow holes through thick areas of plants. For example, they will burrow straight into a head of lettuce rather than neatly removing tissue from one particular leaf. This renders the produce unmarketable. They attack buds and new growth on plants, preventing flowers from opening, new leaves from sprouting, and vegetables from developing. As the smaller larvae move about they leave strands of silk behind, netting the leaves with a silvery film.
Overwinters only in warm climates, but migrates during the growing season.
Spring cleanup is among the busiest times in the garden, involving both cleaning up anything that wasn't taken care of in the fall cleanup, as well as getting the garden ready for the new season.
Step one - checkup:
Step two - cleanup:
Spring Cleanup
Square Foot Gardening is a type of intensive gardening popularized by author and horticulturist Mel Bartholemew. It is based on the idea that the wide rows in conventional home gardening are a waste of time, work, water and space, and that more quality vegetables can be grown in less space with less effort. 
In this method, the garden space is divided into beds (a 4' x 4', 16 sq ft or 120cm x 120cm, 1.4m² garden being recommended) and separated by paths. These beds are further divided into squares of approximately one square foot, and planted with your vegetables. Common spacing is one plant/square for larger plants such as ../Broccoli/, ../Basil/, etc.. four/square for medium large plants like ../Lettuce/, nine/square for medium-small plants like ../Spinach/, and sixteen/square for small plants such as ../Onion/s and ../Carrot/s. The beds are weeded and watered from the pathways, so the garden soil is not compacted. 
Square foot gardening is especially compatible with:
Square Foot Gardening
The squash vine borer ("Melittia cucurbitae", often referred to as SVB) is a devastating and hard to control pest of cucurbit crops.
This insect is a diurnal species of sesiid moth that attacks both wild and cultivated varieties of squash and other members of the cucurbit family. The moth is often mistaken for a bee or wasp because of its movements, and the bright orange hindleg scales. The caterpillar is a grub-like borer.
Wilting of lower leaves and frass are the initial indications, quickly followed by the wilting and death of the entire plant.
The females typically lay their eggs at the base of leaf stalks, and the caterpillars develop and feed inside the stalk, eventually killing the leaf. They soon migrate to the main stem, and with enough feeding damage to the stem, the entire plant may die. The petioles of the lower leaves and stem should be monitored for entry holes and frass, which appear before damage becomes evident. 
Hosts include members of the family Cucurbitae, primarily the squashes ("../Cucurbita/").
The common chickweed ("Stellaria media") is a cool-season annual plant native to Europe. The plant germinates in fall or late winter, then forms large mats of foliage. Flowers are small and white, followed quickly by the seed pods. This plant flowers and sets seed at the same time, and the seed pods explode when mature to disperse the seeds.
Common chickweed is a low, mat-forming plant, present throughout the cool seasons and winter, but dying during hot weather. The roots are very fine, and the crown easily breaks away if pulled from very dry or frozen soils, allowing the plant to regrow.
In both Europe and North America this plant is an invasive weed of gardens, fields, and disturbed grounds. Control is difficult due to the heavy seed sets.
The plant has uses in folk medicine; 17th century herbalist John Gerard recommended it as a remedy for mange. It can also be tolerated as a winter soil cover.
Straw is an agricultural byproduct, the dry stalk of a cereal plant, after the nutrient grain or seed has been removed. Straw makes up about half of the yield of a cereal crop such as barley, oats, rice, rye or wheat. In times gone by, it was regarded as a useful by-product of the harvest, but with the advent of the combine harvester, straw has become almost a nuisance to farmers.
The most common use for straw is as bedding material for livestock, but it has a number of other uses as well. For the gardener, its most important use is as a mulch or as a bedding material to keep fruits such as strawberries or cucurbit crops off of the soil. Straw is a "cool" material (containing little nitrogen), and can be used fresh. Used straw from animal pens tends to be hot, and should not be used under food crops because of the risk of infectious organisms.
The biggest advantage of straw is that it is widely available and relatively inexpensive compared to other mulches. It also provides plentiful air and water circulation due to its texture, and can be laid thickly to discourage weeds. Its greatest liabilities are that it has a very low nutrient value, and its coarse texture and bright color is not universally appreciated by gardeners.
Straw bales can be used for controlling runoff (as a silt screen), and are often used as building materials for raised beds, retaining walls, and compost piles. Straw bales can also be used for making mazes and other playground features for children (in fact it is even used in constructing houses), and in some parts of the world is used roofing, for making beds for people, and as packing material.
Straw is also used to cover the ground when lawns are seeded, creating some shelter for the seeds by regulating humidity, preventing seeds from being washed away by water or wind, and confusing hungry birds. 
In Japan, certain trees are wrapped with straw to protect them from the effects of a hard winter as well as to use them as a trap for parasite insects.
Straw is used in ponds to reduce algae by changing the nutrient ratios in the water.
Still other uses include:
Stump grinding is the removal of tree stumps or roots using special equipment made for this purpose. 
The poppywort (also known as stylophorum, celandine poppy, wood poppy, or yellow poppy) is a member of the poppy family native to eastern North America, with yellow-orange flowers. 
The flowers are 4 showy sepals that are petal like, with many stamens in the middle. Plants grow about 1.5 feet tall, with pinnatifid shaped leaves. The flowers are produced in umbels that can have one to a few flowers each, the umbels terminate the stems and after blooming a pod like fruit is produced that hangs down under the foliage. When the seeds are ripe in mid summer, the pods split open along four valves. The plants have a yellow-orange sap that can stain hands.
 Plants are relatively long lived and readily self seed under garden conditions, were they are grown under part shade.
Maintaining a healthy population of trees in a suburban setting shares much in common with maintaining a "woodlot" or resource forest, but there are of course a number of differences as well. The best "wooded gardens" actually have relatively few large trees, since these areas are also expected to support small trees, shrubs, garden plants, and lawns. Managing these small woodlots takes planning and a realistic sense of what woodlands look like.
Natural woodlands are bound by the laws of ecological succession, where a disturbed area (in nature disturbed by fire or storm) will first be colonized by herbaceous plants and other "pioneer species" such as fast-growing trees and shrubs adapted to sunny environments. In many regions, the "mature" forest will be primarily one or a few species of climax trees, and a very sparse understory of ferns, mosses, ephemeral plants, and slow-growing shrubs: an ecosystem which is too sparse and delicate for regular use as an entertainment space for humans and their pets. 
Ecologically speaking, the goal in having a woodland garden is to "freeze" the ecological succession at the stage where there is a fairly extensive canopy (between 50% and 30% enclosed), which limits the amount of shade and water competition form the trees to allow us to have ornamental plants and lawns beneath. Maintaining that balance is a never-ending task, because the trees will continue to grow unless constantly suppressed. The main question is whether to prune or to cull the trees. 
In situations where the woodland garden was not planned in advance, there will often be decisions to be made about what trees to keep and what trees to remove. As a rule, it's best to remove trees as soon as they begin to pose a problem, because the trees will only get larger, more problematic, and more difficult to remove as they continue to grow or perhaps die (live trees are much easier to remove than dead trees).
1. Hazardous trees: Trees that pose an obvious hazard should be the first to go. Rotten trees and hollow trees are the most obvious, but a number of other factors can be just as important, such as trees from weak-wooded species, trees growing through utility lines, or even trees with dangerous fruits (such as walnuts, osage orange, or horse chestnuts and buckeyes if they are growing in an area where people, cars, or outdoor furniture is below). 
2. Diseased trees: Trees with serious diseases (such as "../Phytophthora/", "../Verticillium/", or other fatal diseases should in most cases be removed, unless there are no other trees around that could catch the disease and the garden owner would like to maintain a snag for woodpeckers and cavity-nesting birds. 
3. Invasive trees: Trees that are invasive in a particular region should in most cases be culled to protect the health of other trees and prevent seed production, although in some areas close to urban centers invasive species may represent almost all the trees present, and it may be better to keep some of them. 
4. Trees with bad growth habits: When trees are not carefully managed "from the start", they can often have growth habits that are aesthetically undesirable or in many cases will eventually become hazardous. Trees that have grown up underneath larger neighbors will often lean perilously, for example, and other trees may have dangerously narrow crotches. Removing these trees reduces the competition for the trees that will be kept, and helps prevent hazards later on. 
5. Overcrowded trees: The last step is to see if the healthy trees are competing with one another, and make a decision as to whether to allow them to compete, or pick the best specimens and cull the second best.
After any culling has been done, or if there are no trees needing culling, the next step is to prune the remaining trees to allow light to reach the ground and reduce the water consumption of the larger trees. Limbing up is often the best option, but other methods of structural or reductive pruning can be used if low branches are desirable.
If the trees are growing in a lawn, it is generally a good idea to create tree rings around the base of the trunks to prevent damage from mowing equipment. Small rings can simply be maintained as mulched soil, or larger rings can be created and plenatd with ground covers, shrubs, or herbaceous plants adapted to competition with tree roots.
Suburban Forestry
The Summer Squashes are a group of plants in the species "Cucurbita pepo", which are grown for their fruits. They come in many varieties among several major groups including: Yellow Summer, Zucchini, Crookneck, and Cousa. While there are some differences in flavor between these groups, their cultivation is essentially the same. 
Summer squashes grow on short vines, appearing bushy in the field. The leaves are large, palmately lobed, and usually variegated with white or pale green.
These plants are highly productive, particularly when the fruits are harvested while young: gardeners growing these plants often have plenty of produce to share with friends. The flowers are also edible and both male and female flowers are harvested for this purpose.
Summer Squashes grow in full sun or light shade. They require a rich soil for good fruit production.
Summer Squashes grow easily from seeds sown "in situ". Plants should be thinned to 18 to 36 inch (45-90 cm) centers. Seeds can be sown as soon as the soil warms up.
For growing transplants, sow 2 seeds per 3 or 4 inch pot. Seedlings grow quickly in warm weather, so should not be started before the planting area is prepared.
Transplants should not be broken up or have their roots cut unless severely rootbound. Soil may be mounded up to the lowest set of leaves.
Enrich planting area with composts, but not with manures, as too much nitrogen may reduce the fruiting.
Pick regularly to avoid over-ripening and encourage further fruit set.
If small fruits appear wrinkled or discolored, remove them (they may not have been pollenated).
Monitor for Squash vine borer.
Hill up composts to the lowest leaf set, adding more as the lower leaves yellow off (the small early leaves will die off naturally as the upper leaves shade them out). This provides both nutrients and some protection for SVB. 
Keep the growing area free of weeds, but maintain nectar sources nearby to ensure an ample supply of pollenating insects.
Burn borer-infected vines, and till area to disturb any coccoons. 
If rotation is not possible, use a winter cover crop such as rye, vetch, or pea to enrich the soil.
Cut the stems with a sharp knife. Summer squashes are best harvested well before the fruit matures, as the seeds become hardened in large fruit. Fruits can be harvested even before the flowers fully open if desired.
By seed, from the mature fruits. If collecting seed, allow the most productive plants to produce a single mature fruit towards the end of the season, picking it after the plant is frost-killed.
Powdery Mildew
Eastern Skunk Cabbage, Clumpfoot Cabbage, Foetid Pothos, Meadow Cabbage, Polecat Weed, Skunk Cabbage, or Swamp Cabbage "(Symplocarpus foetidus)", commonly known as simply Skunk Cabbage, is a low growing, foul smelling plant that prefers wetlands. It can be found naturally in eastern North America, from Nova Scotia and southern Quebec west to Minnesota, and south to North Carolina and Tennessee, and also in northeastern Asia, in eastern Siberia, northeastern China and Japan. It is the only species in the genus, although the genus Lysichiton is similar. Skunk cabbage is protected as a state endangered plant in Tennessee. 
The leaves are large, 40-55 cm long and 30-40 cm broad. It flowers early in the year; the flowers are produced in a 5-10 cm long spadix contained within a spathe, 10-15 cm tall and mottled purple in colour. It flowers in the early spring, when only the flowers are visible above the mud, with the stems buried below and the leaves emerging later. The rhizome is often 30 cm thick.
Its name is derived from its odor, which is rather mild as long as the plant remains intact. To fully appreciate why the plant is so named, one need only tear off a fresh leaf, releasing a pungent odor. While not considered edible, the plant is not poisonous to the touch. Though unpleasant, the smell is not harmful. The foul odor attracts its pollinators, scavenging flies, stoneflies, and bees. The odor in the leaves may also serve to discourage large animals from disturbing or damaging this plant which grows in soft wetland soils.
Skunk cabbage is notable for its ability to produce heat of up to 15-35° C above air temperature by cyanide resistant cellular respiration in order to melt its way through frozen ground, placing it among a small group of plants exhibiting thermogenesis. Although flowering whilst there is still snow and ice on the ground it is successfully pollinated by early insects that also emerge at this time. Some studies suggest that beyond allowing the plant to grow in icy soil, the heat it produces may help to spread its odor in the air. Carrion-feeding insects that are attracted by the scent may be doubly encouraged to enter the spathe because it is warmer than the surrounding air, fueling pollination. 
Eastern Skunk Cabbage has contractile roots which contract after growing into the earth. This pulls the stem of the plant deeper into the mud, so that the plant in effect grows downward, not upward. Each year, the plant grows deeper into the earth, so that older plants are practically impossible to dig up. It is thought possible that it may be able to live for hundreds of years. They reproduce by hard, pea-sized seeds which fall in the mud and are carried away by animals or by floods.
Does best in true wetlands, but can survive in moist soils. Full sun to fairly dense shade.
In the 19th century the U. S. Pharmacopoeia listed eastern skunk cabbage as the drug "dracontium". It was used in the treatment of respiratory diseases, nervous disorders, rheumatism, and dropsy. In North America and Europe, skunk cabbage is occasionally cultivated in water gardens. Skunk cabbage was used extensively as a medicinal plant, seasoning, and magical talisman by various tribes of Native Americans.
Easily propagated by division, though the plant is quite aromatic in the underground parts.
Leaf blights are frequent but not fatal.
Syringa vulgaris (Lilac or Common Lilac) is a large shrub in the olive family Oleaceae, native to the Balkan Peninsula in southeastern Europe, where it grows on rocky hills.
Common Lilac is a very common ornamental plant in gardens and parks, because of the attractive, sweet smell of its flowers. Most garden plants are cultivars with flowers varying from white to dark lilac; some have double flowers with the stamens replaced by extra petals. The cultivar 'Aurea' has yellowish foliage. The majority of garden cultivars do not exceed 4-5 m tall. It is widely naturalised in western and northern Europe.
It is a deciduous large shrub or small tree, growing to 6–7 m high, usually multi-stemmed, producing secondary shoots from the base or roots, with stem diameters of up to 20 cm. The bark is grey to grey-brown, smooth on young stems, longitudinally furrowed and flaking on older stems. The leaves are simple, 4–12 cm long and 3–8 cm broad, light green to glaucous, oval to cordate, with pinnate leaf venation, a mucronate apex and an entire margin. They are arranged opposite pairs or occasionally in whorls of three. The flowers have a tubular base to the corolla 6–10 mm long with an open four-lobed apex 5–8 mm across, usually lilac to mauve, occasionally white. They are arranged in a dense, terminal panicle 8-18 cm long. The fruit is a dry, smooth brown capsule, 1–2 cm long, splitting in two to release the two winged seeds.
Common lilac does best in full sun, tolerating most soils except wet soil. Siting for morning sun and good air circulation can help reduce the occurrence of powdery mildews, which are a major problem for this plant in humid climates.
Numerous cultivars have been selected for size, flower color and form, and more recently for mildew resistance. 
Usually grown as a specimen, but also for cut flowers.
Tolerates harsh pruning, but should only be pruned immediately after (or during) flowering to ensure the next year's bloom. The shrub produces copious suckers, which may either be pruned out or encouraged. To encourage a "tree-like form, remove all suckers as they emerge, or to keep size limited remove the oldest stems every year to keep the height under control.
Propagate via cuttings or grafting to preserve follower color and form.
Flowers hold up well in the vase if the leaves are removed.
See "../Syringa/"
Systemic herbicides are chemicals that kill entire plants by traveling through the plants' vascular systems. 
The most well-known systemic herbicide is glyphosate, sold under the names RoundUp™ and Rodeo™.
Palestriped Flea Beetles are a pest of many food crops, and can also cause damage to ornamentals, particularly when the host plants are young. 
Adult beetle is yellow through brown or black with a paler stripe on each wing cover, and a red head. Like all ../Flea Beetles/, they jump away when disturbed. Grubs are long and thin.
Grubs cause root damage, particularly to tubers such as potatoes or sweet potatoes. Adults cause shotholing or skeletonized leaves, particularly of young plants.
Overwinters as an adult in debris.
A dandelion is a short plant, usually with a yellow flower head and notched leaves. A dandelion flower head consists of many tiny flowers. The dandelion is native to Europe and Asia, and has spread to many other places. The dandelion is also known by its generic name "Taraxacum". In Northern areas and places where the dandelion is not native, it reproduces asexually. 
The name "dandelion" is derived from the Old French, "dent-de-lion", which is literally "lion's tooth", referring to the sharply-lobed leaves of the plant. The English spelling reflects the French pronunciation at the time this French word was absorbed into English. The first written usage of the word occurs in an "herbal" dated 1373, but there is a 1363 document in which the word "dandelion" was used as a proper name (Willelmus Dawndelyon). 
In German, the "dandelion" is called "Löwenzahn", which is also translated as "lion's tooth." In modern French the plant is called "pissenlit", which means "urinate in bed", apparently referring to its diuretic properties. Likewise, "pissabeds" is an English folkname for this plant, and "piscialletto" is one of its folknames in Italian (with "dente di leone", meaning "lion's tooth"). Similarly in Spanish, it is known as the "meacamas", but also commonly "diente de león".
Taraxacum (the Dandelions) is a genus of flowering plants in the family ../Asteraceae/. They are tap-rooted biennial or perennial herbaceous plants, native to temperate areas of the Northern Hemisphere of the Old World. 
The genus is taxonomically very complex, with numerous macrospecies, and polyploidy is also common; over 250 species have been recorded in the British Isles alone (Richards 1972). Some botanists take a much narrower viewpoint, and only accept a total of about 60 species.
The leaves are 5-25 cm long, simple and basal, entire or lobed, forming a rosette above the central taproot. As the leaves grow outward they push down the surrounding vegetation, such as grass in a lawn, killing the vegetation by cutting off the sunlight. A bright yellow flower head (which is open in the daytime but closes at night) is borne singly on a hollow stem (scape) which rises 4-30 cm above the leaves and exudes a milky sap (latex) when broken. A rosette may produce several flowering stems at a time. The flower head is 2-5 cm in diameter and consists entirely of ray florets. 
Away from their native regions, they have become established in the Americas, Australia and New Zealand as weeds. They are now common plants throughout all temperate regions.
Dandelions are so similar to catsears ("../Hypochoeris") that catsears are also known as "false dandelions". Both plants carry similar flowers which form into windborne seeds. However, catsear flowering stems are forked and solid, whereas dandelions possess unforked stems that are hollow. Both plants have a rosette of leaves and a central taproot. However, the leaves of dandelions are jagged in appearance, whereas those of catsear are more lobe-shaped and hairy. 
Other plants with similar flowers include hawkweeds ("Hieracium") and hawksbeards ("Crepis"). These are both readily distinguished by their branched flowering stems.
While the dandelion is considered a weed by many gardeners, the plant does have several culinary and medicinal uses. Dandelions are grown commercially at a small scale as a leaf vegetable. The plant can be eaten cooked or raw in various forms, such as in soup or salad. They are probably closest in character to mustard greens. Usually the young leaves and unopened buds are eaten raw in salads, while older leaves are cooked. Raw leaves have a slightly bitter taste. Dandelion salad is often accompanied with hard boiled eggs. The leaves are high in vitamin A, vitamin C and iron, carrying more iron and calcium than spinach.
Dandelion flowers can be used to make dandelion wine. The recipe usually contains citrus fruit. Another recipe using the plant is dandelion flower jam. Ground roasted dandelion root can be used as a coffee substitute. Drunk before meals, it is believed to stimulate digestive functions. Sold in most health food stores, often in a mixture, it is considered an excellent cleansing tonic for the liver.
Dandelion root is a registered drug in Canada, sold as a diuretic. A leaf decoction can be drunk to "purify the blood", for the treatment of anemia, jaundice, and also for nervousness. The milky latex has been used as a mosquito repellent; the milk is also applied to warts, helping get rid of them without damaging the surrounding skin. A dye can also be obtained from the roots of the plant. A new mixture of roasted roots is sold as a product called DandyBlend which tastes like coffee after the inulin in the dandelion is roasted.
"Dandelion and Burdock" is a soft drink that has long been popular in the United Kingdom with authentic recipes are sold by health food shops, but it is not clear whether the cheaper supermarket versions actually contain either plant.
This plant also is useful in farming, because its deep, strong roots break up hardpan.
Dandelion contains Luteolin, an antioxidant, and has demonstrated antioxidant properties without cytotoxicity.
The flower matures into a globe of fine filaments that are usually distributed by wind, carrying away the seed-containing achenes. This globe is called the "dandelion clock", and blowing it apart is a popular pastime for children. In German it's called a "Pusteblume", translated as "blow flower". The number of blows required to completely rid the clock of its seeds is deemed to be the time of day.
The flower head is surrounded by bracts (sometimes mistakenly called sepals) in two series. The inner bracts are erect until the seeds mature, then flex down to allow the seeds to disperse; the outer bracts are always reflexed downward. Some species drop the "parachute" (called a "pappus", modified sepals) from the achenes. Between the pappus and the achene, there is a stalk called beak, which elongates as the fruit matures. The beak breaks off from the achene quite easily.
As aforementioned, the taxonomical situation of the genus is quite complex, mainly because many dandelions are genetically triploid. An odd number of chromosomes usually is associated with sterility, but dandelions with this karyotype can reproduce without fertilization, a process called apomixis. In these individuals flowers are useless vestigial structures, although they may still produce a small percentage of fertile pollen, keeping some genetic contact with sexual individuals. Diploid dandelions develop seeds after cross-pollination and are self-incompatible. In most zones of southern Europe and Asia, dandelion populations are sexual or mixed sexual-apomictic, while in northern countries only triploid and tetraploid apomicts are present, as is in the zones where it is not native. This seems to be linked to higher temperatures, survival of pre-glacial populations and human impact, but the subject is still being studied.
There are usually 54 to 172 seeds produced per head, but a single plant can produce more than 2,000 seeds a year. It has been estimated that more than 97,000,000 seeds/hectare could be produced every year by a dense stand of dandelions.
Dandelions are used as food plants by the larvae of some species of Lepidoptera.
Tarsonemidae is a family of mites, also called the thread-footed mites or tarsonemid mites.
Only a limited number tarsonemid genera, ../Steneotarsonemeus/, ../Polyphagotarsonemus/, ../Phytonemus/, ../Floridotarsonemus/ and ../Tarsonemus/, are known to feed on higher plants while most species in this family feed on the thin-walled mycelia of fungi or possibly algal bodies (Jeppson, 1975). Even among the plant-feeding tarsonemid mites, most are confined to areas of new growth where cell walls are thin and therefore easily pierced. However two species (broad mite and cyclamen mite) are able to feed on older leaves because of their ability to inject toxins during feeding (presumably of salivary gland origin) causing an increase of thin walled cells surrounding feeding sites (Jeppson, 1975). This proliferation of new growth often results in leaves that appear stunted, puckered and twisted (Jeppson, 1975). 
While little pest management research has been done on the majority of tarsonemid species, comprehensive studies have been made into the biological and chemical control of the cyclamen mite and the broad mite. Chemical trials demonstrated that ../Endosulfan/ and ../Dicofol/ consistently reduced densities of P. latus and P. pallidus (Rai, et. al, 2004, Sterk, et. al, 1997), and planting stock can be effectively decontaminated through fumigation with ../Methyl bromide/ or ../Ethylene dibromide/ (Jeppson, 1975). Three entomogenous fungi, "../Beauveria bassiana/", "../Metarhizium anisopliae/", and Paecilomyces fumosoroseus, can effectively manage broad mite infestations, with B. bassiana providing the greatest reduction (Nugroho, 2004). Predatory phytoseiid mites, in the genus Neoseiulus, can also successfully control P. latus and P. pallidus under greenhouse and field conditions (Croft, et. all, 1998, Weintraub, et. al 2003).
 - for template-related stubs
Tetranychus urticae (an animal with over 60 common names, including "red spider mite" and "two-spotted spider mite") is one of many species of plant-feeding mites found in dry environments, and generally considered a pest. It is the most widely known member of the family Tetranychidae or Spider mites.
During the summer, "T. urticae" has a greenish brown appearance with two darker spots, but as winter approaches it gains a strong red color. Some populations are pemanently greenish or reddish, and these are considered different species of "Tetranychus" by some authorities. 
Tetranychus urticae is extremely small, barely visible with the naked eye as reddish or greenish spots on leaves and stems; the adults measure about 0.5 mm. The red spider mite, which can be seen in greenhouses and tropical and temperate zones spinning a fine web on and under leaves. The red spider mite is extremely polyphagous; it can feed on hundreds of plants, including most vegetables and food crops (peppers, tomatoes, potatoes, beans, corn, strawberries) and ornamentals: roses, etc. It lays its eggs on the leaves, and it poses a threat to host plants by sucking cell contents from the leaves cell by cell, leaving very tiny, pale spots or scars where the green epidermal cells have been destroyed. Although the individual lesions are very small, commensurate with the small size of the mites, the frequently-observed attack of hundreds or thousands of spider mites can cause thousands of lesions and thus can significantly reduce the photosynthetic capability of plants, greatly reducing their production of nutrients, sometimes even killing the plants. Although this way of feeding could spread plant viruses, this is considered of secondary importance.
A wide range of hosts, including the folloring genera:
<Horticulture/Soils and Composts
Compost is a true “magic bullet” in the garden, fixing many problems in the soil that are reflected by unhealthy plants. The benefits of compost are many, and can sometimes seem inconsistent, as in some cases it achieves two goals that appear to be opposites. The start of any good garden is good soil, and adding compost is the easiest and most long-lasting way to improve soil conditions. 
Pick up any good garden book, and you’ll notice that most garden plants like a “moist, well-drained soil”. This means that the soil should hold plenty of water for plants to use as they need it, while at the same time draining quickly after heavy rainfalls or overly enthusiastic irrigation. This seems like a tall order for a soil, but is easily achieved by adding compost. 
Compost improves water retention because of its sponge-like nature. Mature compost (also called humus) can hold up to 200 times its weight in water! This means that rainwater or irrigation water stays in the soil, rather than leaching out or running off. Soils rich in humus therefore need less frequent irrigation, saving time, worry and money for the garden-owner.
Compost also improves drainage, which is important because roots need oxygen to survive. This improved drainage happens because compost binds up the soil into little crumbly bits, leaving good-sized air spaces in between. It might seem a bit strange that it allows more air in at the same time as holding more water, but the water is held inside the crumbs, while the air moves between them.
Most garden plants prefer a balanced, nutritious soil (though there are a few that don’t like a lot of nutrients, so be careful). Compost helps create and maintain a nutritious soil solution for plants to use.
When compost is added to a soil, it brings nutrients with it. Compost is, after all, what’s left after bacteria, fungi, and other creatures get done breaking down dead tissues, and so contains the basic components used by plants to produce new tissues. Compost is a slow-acting fertilizer, and lasts a long time in the soil, especially in comparison to salt-based synthetic fertilizers.
Compost also improves the soil’s ability to hold nutrients, as it has many “pockets” where nutrients can be held ready for the roots to use. This soil property (called the “Cation Exchange Capacity”, or CEC) means that most nutrients added to the soil stay bound up, rather than leaching out. Compost also helps keep Nitrate in the soil (which is an anion), which is important because Nitrogen is the most easily leached soil nutrient.
Aside from good drainage, water retention, and fertility, plants also benefit from a soil that is stable. The “moist, well-drained” property of a good soil is one sort of stability, as is the slow, constant supply of nutrients available in humus-rich soils. Another kind of stability is also quite important, namely the stability of the soil’s pH value. The soil’s pH (the power or activity of Hydrogen ions) is a measurement of acidity or alkalinity. Different nutrients and toxins become available to the plants depending on the pH value of the soil, and if the pH varies every time there is a rain event or irrigation, the plants find the available nutrients out of balance. In soils with a low CEC, the pH can be changed quite dramatically by acidic rainfalls or alkaline irrigation water. 
Compost stabilizes the pH of the soil because it significantly raises the soil’s CEC. The acids and alkalis that arrive with those life-giving waters are taken up in those “pockets”, rather than floating around in the water held by the soil. This really helps plants live a healthier life. 
The one thing to keep in mind is that if there is a high humus content in the soil, it will be more difficult to change the pH when you want it changed. One should never try to change the soil’s pH without a soil test in any case, as the amount you’d use to slightly alter a humus-rich soil would drastically alter a humus-poor soil.
Compost is living, breathing stuff. Composts contain residues (which have not yet been completely broken down), humus, and a “microflora” made up of many species of bacteria and fungi. These bacteria and fungi are important for maintaining the stability of the soil, and help break down and organic fertilizers that might be added to the soil when necessary.
Keeping the soil alive helps nutrients spread out for an even distribution, and helps fight plant diseases by filling the “pockets” where disease organisms might find a home. Some of these “good guy” organisms will even eat the bad ones, turning them into more nutrients for your plants. This property, called “antagonism”, is very important in keeping plants healthy and strong.
Aside from all the hard-science benefits, compost also makes the soil more pleasant to be around and work with. The soluble parts of compost turn the soil a rich, dark color, which is just as nutritious as it looks. Compost also provides that wonderful “earthy” smell after a rain, which some folks find even more invigorating that the aroma of a good cup of coffee. For the gardener, compost-rich soils have a nice, crumbly feel between the fingers, and are easy to dig in. 
The Benefits of Compost
While they're not often a favorite topic of study for the horticulture student or enthusiast, knowing and understanding weeds is one of the most important keys to becoming a successful gardener. Aside from being a maintenance issue (in the sense of always needing control), weeds also play a key role in the ecosystem which the gardener seeks to manage.
What is a weed? This can be hard to define, but a good general definition is that a weed is any plant growing in a place where it is not wanted. Using this definition, the same plant can be both a weed and a crop at the same time, to the same gardener, on two different areas of the ground. For example, clover may be planted on a pasture and considered a forage crop, but at the same time it may appear in the vegetable garden and considered a weed. This also means that the gardener can change his mind about what constitutes a weed over time: that self-seeding basil that escapes to invade the neighboring dill becomes a weed as soon as it crosses the border.
Like any plants, each particular weed has a distinct life cycle. First and foremost, it's important to know whether or not the weed is perennial, since perennial weeds require complete removal or destruction, while annuals and biennials can be controlled using preventative techniques such as pre-emergents or mulches. 
Knowing how a weed spreads is also important. Many perennials spread by stolon or rhizome, while other plants (including all annuals and biennials) spread primarily by seed. 
How persistent a weed is depends on its ability to grow back from small fragments and the life span of its seed. Certain perennial weeds can grow back from even the smallest root fragment, and the seeds of some weeds can survive dormant in the soil for decades.
A weeds tolerance of abuse such as regular mowing can also provide clues to the easiest possible control techniques.
Some plants which are usually treated as weeds are intentionally grown in some gardens, so it is important for professional gardeners to be aware of this so that they can ask the client whether they should be removed. Conversely, it's important to know that a plant can be weedy when considering using it in the garden.
When working in "native plant gardens", it is important to know whether a "weed" is native to the region, since weeds can in those situations be treated as "volunteers".
While it's tempting not to worry about pests and diseases that are affecting garden weeds, many weeds serve as alternate hosts for pests and diseases that affect garden plants. In order to provide lasting control for pests and diseases, it may be necessary to either eradicate these alternate hosts, or in the case of pest controls it might be necessary to control the pest on the weed hosts as well as the garden plant hosts, to prevent them from just migrating back to the garden plants after treatment. 
On the other side of the spectrum is the use of "trap crops", popular in organic gardening, to draw pests away from garden plants. If a type of weed is getting eaten up by insects, it is likely serving this role. Note that this is only effective if the garden contains sufficient predator populations. Some weeds can serve as both traps and hosts. Lamb's Quarters, a common garden weed across the United States, is a trap for leaf miners but a host to beet leafhoppers.
Weeds in uncultivated areas can be useful in attracting beneficial insects. 
Some weeds contain toxins, ranging from those that cause discomfort to those which are lethal even in small doses, so it is important to be aware of these in gardens where children and pets play. 
Many weeds are also edible, and while they tend not to be choice ingredients (if they were, they'd be cultivated), they can be of interest. Some weeds, such as Purslane, are renowned for their nutritional value.
Many tools are available for weed control. There are hand or powered hoes, flame weeders, hand or powered cultivators, scythes and similar hand cutting tools, mowers, all the way up to tractor-mounted flail mowers for knocking down weedy brush at the edges of meadows or pastures.
Some weeds can serve as indicators for the soil type where they are growing, and can be "read" to provide a preliminary description of the soil type when a soil test has not yet been performed.
whether it is safe for cold compost piles, hot compost piles, etc.
The Importance of Studying Weeds
Onion Thrips are primarily an agricultural pest, but can cause damage to several ornamental species as well.
Spotting, streaking, and drop of leaves. 
Thrips (Order Thysanoptera) are tiny, slender insects with fringed wings (thus the scientific name, from the Greek "thysanos" (fringe) + "pteron" (wing)). Other common names for thrips include thunderflies, thunderbugs and corn lice. Thrips species feed on a large variety of sources both plant and animal by puncturing them and sucking up the contents. A large number of thrips species are considered pests, because they feed on plants with commercial value. Some species of thrips feed on other insects or mites and are considered beneficial, while some feed on fungal spores or pollen. So far around 5,000 species have been described.
Thrips are generally tiny (1 mm long or less) and are not good flyers, although they can be carried long distances by the wind. In the right conditions, many species can explode in population and swarm everywhere, making them an irritation to humans.
Like the word "sheep", the word "thrips" is used in both the singular and plural numbers. So while there may be many thrips there can also be a solitary thrips. The word thrips is from Greek, meaning "wood louse".
Many thrips are pests of commercial crops due to the damage caused by feeding on developing flowers or vegetables which causes discoloration, deformities, and reduced marketability of the crop.
Thrips in the genera "Frankliniella" (flower thrips) and "Thrips" also spread plant diseases through the transmission of viruses, such as Tospoviruses. The western flower thrips, "Frankliniella occidentalis", has a worldwide distribution and is considered the primary vector of plant diseases caused by Tospoviruses. Over 20 plant infecting viruses are known to be transmitted by thrips. These enveloped viruses are considered among some of the most damaging of emerging plant pathogens around the world. Virus members include the ../Tomato Spotted Wilt Virus and the ../Impatiens Necrotic Spot Virus/es.
Thrips feed by piercing plant cells with their paired maxillary stylets, which form a feeding tube. Thrips, unlike the Hemiptera, have only one mandibular stylet, or if a second is present it is greatly reduced and non functional. The one fully formed mandibular stylet is used to pierce an entry hole in plant cells or pollen grains, wherein the maxillary stylets can easily enter the cell and suck out the contents. Thrips feed on hundreds of different crop plants, especially during flowering where they also feed on pollen.
To survive the winter temperatures most thrips species over-winter as either adults or as pupae under ground litter. A typical flower thrips generation time will be from 7 to 22 days depending on the temperature. The eggs are about 0.2 mm long and reniform (kidney shaped), and may take on average 3 days to hatch. Thrips have 2 larval stages then go through a prepupal and a pupae stage, with the adults taking 1 to 4 days to reach sexual maturity. In the two suborders, the females of the Suborder Terebrantia are equipped with an ovipositor which they use to cut slits into plant tissue into which they insert their eggs, one per slit, while females of the Suborder Tubulifera lack an ovipositor and lay their eggs singly or in small groups on the outside surface of plants.
'Spicy Orange' is a hybrid cultivar of "../Thymus/" grown for its strong flavor and sweet, citrus-like scent. 
'Spicy Orange' is a low, spreading thyme with sharp awn-shaped leaves and pale purple flowers. 
As with most thymes, good drainage is essential, otherwise not picky about soils. 
A very strong flavored herb when used fresh. Also grown as a scented ground cover, and tolerates some foot traffic.
Propagate by cuttings or division.
Best used as a fresh herb. Cut growing tips 1-2" long, cool and refrigerate until ready to use.
See "../Thymus/"
Tomatoes are in many regions among the most popular fruits grown in gardens, because with most varieties freshness is a major factor in the quality of harvested fruit.
Tomato plants needs acidic (5.0 to 6.0 pH) soil, a balance between the three primary fertilizer nutrients, and thrive in warm weather. Inexpensive ways to naturally increase soil acidity include using pine needles as mulch, and mixing either used coffee grounds or sawdust into the soil. Pine needles (and the soil under pine trees) are very acidic, and though used coffee grounds are not very acidic, they and sawdust cause a chemical change in the soil, lowering its pH. Fresh coffee grounds or a 4:1 solution of water and coffee can be used for a quick, direct boost in acidity. Tomatoes do not need high calcium content in order to produce good fruits.
In temperate climates, tomatoes are generally started from seed indoors, then planted out after the last frost date. Tomatoes are planted deeply in the soil, often burying the plant up to just below its top set of leaves, as it roots freely off the stem. If staked, trellised, or caged (methods of supporting the weight of vining plants, allowing them to devote more energy into growing fruit), tomato plants can be grown much closer together than the three feet usually recommended. 
While tomato plants do best with eight or more hours of direct sunlight, they may do better if shaded during noontime sun if the temperature is above ninety degrees. Some gardeners will actually throw fine cloth over the plants around noon on very hot days.
Indeterminate plants require at least twenty gallons of soil in order to grow in a container; it's better to use determinate varieties for containers, instead.
In each tomato plant, there are about 2 to 3kg when the tomato plant has finished growing. Tomatoes tend to grow faster and produce more fruit when companion planting. Marigolds repel aphids and grow well with tomatoes, and Basil both repels insects (even mosquitoes) and improves fruit flavor. Other companion plants for tomatoes are asparagus, onion/garlic/chives, nasturtium, rose, and parsley. Tomato plants are themselves good companion plants for chili peppers, helping shade their fruit.
Tomatoes grow best in a deep, rich soil, so preparing the bed for this is key. 
Seeds are usually planted indoors 4-8 weeks before the last frost date.
Trellising or cages should be put in before the tomatoes are planted.
Consistent irrigation is key, because inconsistent irrigation can lead to cracking. Irrigation should be to the soil, rather than using sprinklers.
Just before the first frost, it's a good idea to pick the last green tomatoes (which can be used in many recipes), as they can be damaged by cold. All vines should be removed from the field (roots and all) to help manage any disease organisms. Seeds will sprout in cold compost piles, so heat composting should be used if possible. be sure to make clean as possible.
Tomatoes are almost always propagated by seed but some success has been had with stem cuttings.
Tube grafting should be carried out when the seedlings have two to four w:true leaves and the stems are 1.5 to 2 millimeters in w:diameter (Figure 3). For proper healing to take place, the vascular tissue in the rootstock and scion must align so that their tissues can easily grow together, forming a strong union for water and nutrient uptake. Again, an essential component for grafting success is to use rootstock and scion plants that have similar stem diameters. Grafting should take place when there is little water stress upon the plants. Early in the morning or just after dark are excellent times to graft as transpiration has typically slowed to reduced levels. Additionally, the grafting process should be carried out indoors or under some sort of shading device. If daytime grafting is essential due to timing and labor concerns, move the plants to a shady area in the morning before w:transpiration increases to prevent unwanted water stress during the process.
Make the grafts
w:Sanitation is extremely important during grafting. Wash with anti-microbial soap, and use latex gloves and sterile tools to reduce the exposure of the plant to pathogenic bacteria, fungi, and viruses. To make a graft, sever the bottom half of a rootstock seedling from its top at a 45-degree angle, and sever the top half of a scion seedling from its bottom at a 45-degree angle. Attach the rootstock to the scion with a rubber or silicon clip (Figure 4). Although the specific degree of each angular cut does not have to be exact, all cuts should be made at a consistent angle to provide more surface area for the vascular tissue to meet and grow together. Other methods have attempted to increase this surface area even further by making V-shaped cuts, but the results are similar to those of the tube grafting technique. Locate the graft union above the cotyledon to prevent adventitious roots from forming and leading to infection of the susceptible scion tissue. Once the transplants have been grafted, put them directly into the healing chamber and cover the chamber to prevent any light from reaching the plants.
Monitor the healing process
Immediately after grafting takes place, the plants must form callus tissue and reconnect vascular bundles to provide the scion with nutrients and water. The purpose of the healing chamber is to keep the scion from becoming water stressed during this process. This can be accomplished by slowing the transpiration stream—the movement of water from inside the plant tissue into the atmosphere. The best ways to do this are to increase humidity, decrease light, and decrease temperature. By decreasing the temperature, however, the development of newly forming callus tissue may be hindered. Therefore, the keys to successful chamber operation are high humidity and no direct sunlight while the graft union is developing—between two and four days after making the graft. The first major constraint to proper graft healing is water stress. Because the scions have been physically separated from their root systems, they tend to wilt, especially in the first few hours after grafting. By adjusting environmental conditions to keep the scions from wilting severely, the grafts will have a better chance of survival. Typically, a small amount of wilt during the first day of healing is acceptable. The high humidity level inside the healing chamber will help the scions regain sufficient turgor pressure and show little sign of wilting. Grafts should be left in the chamber for the first two to four days with absolutely no light and high humidity. After these first days, the successful grafts will become apparent as they will regain normal turgor levels while those that were not successful will wilt permanently. Any movement that pulls the scion stem away from the rootstock will decrease the contact surface between these tissues, ultimately diminishing graft success. Place the grafts into the chamber carefully. Inspect the grafts after placing them in the chamber to be sure that the scion has not been pulled away from the rootstock. Excess water on the leaves can also physically pull the scion away from the rootstock. For this reason, do not mist grafts once they are in the chamber. While the grafts are still weak and healing, apply water from the bottom so that the grafts are not subjected to damage from overhead irrigation.
Acclimate the grafts to normal conditions
Throughout the healing process, open the chamber at least twice a day to replenish carbon dioxide for the grafts. After two to four days in the healing chamber with absolutely no light and high humidity, the scions should return to normal turgor levels and display no evidence of moisture stress. Once the grafts reach normal turgor levels, light can be slowly introduced, and eventually humidity levels can be reduced over the following week. There is a danger that this process can be carried out too fast. When light is first introduced back into the chamber, it is best to simulate indirect light. If the chamber is indoors, mount fluorescent lights above the chamber. In the greenhouse, use a shading apparatus that will significantly reduce the amount of sunlight without eliminating it altogether. As soon as the transplants have acclimated to the reduced light level with no signs of stress, gradually decrease humidity by removing pans of water or the cool-water vaporizer and lifting up the sides of the chamber. Typically, the grafts will require two days at medium light and humidity levels before they can be moved into a low-humidity and high-light environment. Even after the plants have been moved out of the chamber and into a standard greenhouse environment, it is best to water from the bottom to prevent any physical damage to the grafts while the graft union is still weak. Careful overhead watering is possible as long as the seedlings are not exposed to high water pressure that could separate a scion from its rootstock.
As the grafted transplants develop, the grafting clip will expand with the growing stem, and eventually fall off (Figure 7). Once the grafted transplants have been in the greenhouse for five to seven days, they can be managed and planted in the field or greenhouse similarly to non-grafted transplants. It is important that grafted tomatoes be planted in the soil in a way that prevents adventitious roots from allowing a bridge to susceptible scion tissue. Therefore, they should be planted so that the graft union is well above the soil line to prevent scion-borne adventitious roots from forming. 
Tomatoes should be harvested as soon as ripe. Most varieties will continue to ripen once picked. 
Many varieties have delicate fruits, and should not be stacked too high in the basket.
Tomato cultivars vary widely in their resistance to disease. Modern hybrids focus on improving disease resistance over the heirloom plants. One common tomato disease is tobacco mosaic virus. Various forms of mildew and blight are also common tomato afflictions, which is why tomato varieties are usually marked with letters like VFN, which refers to disease resistance to verticillium wilt, fusarium fungus, and nematodes.
Some common tomato pests are cutworms, tomato hornworms, aphids, cabbage loopers, whiteflies, tomato fruitworms, flea beetles, and Colorado potato beetles and moth lava.
Transplanted tomatoes may begin to show yellow leaves at the base. According to hothouse tomato pioneer, Dan Busch, "With your leaves turning yellow, the tomato plant needs to be fertilized. The fertilizer that you need to use needs to be well balanced, meaning 20-20-20, and if you do not want to use this kind of fertilizer, use blood meal and fish emulsions. This will give you a good source of nitrogen, then you will need to add phosphorus (rock phosphate or super phosphate). Slow growing plants are a sure sign of low phosphorus. Be sure to read the instructions on the blood meal and fish emulsion because it is easy to over fertilize. The real issue here is the nutrition. The yellowing of the leaves is not uncommon with a new transplant, because any nutrition is gone by the time you take it home. If the plants are weak, this is an indication of low potassium. To get potassium in the soil you can add granite dust or wood ash. Call around to local garden centers to find these items.
To prevent cutworms, tomato seedlings' most vicious predators, one can place an open-ended can so that it surrounds the plant, or wrap it with something like foil or paper, or simply brace its stem with popsicle sticks or toothpicks, all of which seem to deter this moth larva from wrapping around and cutting off the baby plant at its base or leaves.
Birds occasionally damage fruits by pecking. Chipmunks and rats may eat whole fruits.
White tail deer can be a serious problem in North America.
Transplanted tomatoes may begin to show yellow leaves at the base. According to hothouse tomato pioneer, Dan Busch,
"With your leaves turning yellow, the tomato plant needs to be fertilized. The fertilizer that you need to use needs to be well balanced, meaning 20-20-20, and if you do not want to use this kind of fertilizer, use blood meal and fish emulsions. This will give you a good source of nitrogen, then you will need to add phosphorus (rock phosphate or super phosphate). Slow growing plants is a sure sign of low phosphorus. Be sure to read the instructions on the blood meal and fish emulsion because it is easy to over fertilize. The real issue here is the nutrition. The yellowing of the leaves is not uncommon with a new transplant, because any nutrition is gone by the time you take it home. If the plants are weak, this is an indication of low potassium. To get potassium in the soil you can add granite dust or wood ash. Call around to local garden centers to find these items.
Yellowing leaves can also be caused by either magnesium or sulfur deficiency, both of which can be treated by adding dissolved w:epsom salt or other forms of w:magnesium sulfate to the soil, and w:foliar feeding the plant with a mixture of two tablespoons epsom salts per gallon. Foliar treatment is reputed to work within 48 hours, but the soil does also need to be amended as a long-term fix.
Tree topping is the practice of removing large branches and/or trunks from the top of a tree's canopy. Topping is often harmful for the tree. Large pruning wounds often fail to heal and become entry points for disease and pests, undermining the long term health of the tree. Aesthetic appeal is compromised as the natural shape of the tree is lost. Trunks grow at the topping location and as these weakly attached trunks increase in size, they often fall during windstorms. 
Previously topped trees are often dangerous and should be inspected by a qualified arborist who can recommend possible solutions: removal, cabling/bracing, or ongoing inspection. Better alternatives to tree topping, based on scientific research, are replacing the practice of tree topping. Spiral thinning (canopy thinning) decreases wind resistance and allows the wind to pass through the trees, decreasing the likelihood that the tree will fall due to wind-throw. It also allows more light penetration and air circulation, both important for the tree’s health.
Topping
Toxicodendron radicans (syn. "Rhus toxicodendron", "Rhus radicans"; Poison ivy) is a woody vine that is well known for its ability to produce urushiol, a skin irritant that causes an itching rash for most people, technically known as urushiol-induced contact dermatitis.
Poison ivy is subject to frequent taxonomic reclassification and confusion; it is currently divided into eastern and western species in the genus "../Toxicodendron/". At least six distinct subspecies of Toxicodendron radicans are recognized. Complicating identification and taxonomy are the fact that the species (even a particular subspecies) can be highly variable in growth habit and leaf appearance.
It is more common now than when Europeans first entered North America. Real estate development adjacent to wild, undeveloped land has created "edge effects", enabling it to form vast, lush colonies in such places. It is listed as a noxious weed in the U.S. states of Minnesota and Michigan.
The plants can grow as a shrub up to about 1.2 meters (4 ft) tall, as a groundcover 10–25 centimeters (4–10 in) high, or as a climbing vine on various supports. Older vines on substantial supports send out lateral branches that may at first be mistaken for tree limbs.
The leaves are ternate with three almond-shaped leaflets. The berries (actually drupes) are a grayish-white color and are a favorite winter food of some birds. Hence the mnemonic,
"Leaves of three, let it be; berries white, danger in sight."
Another version is:
"Leaves of three let it be; if it's hairy, it's a berry."
The color ranges from light green (usually the younger leaves) to dark green (mature leaves), turning bright red in fall. The leaflets of mature leaves are somewhat shiny.The leaflets are 3-12 cm long, rarely up to 30 cm. Each leaflet has a few or no teeth along its edge, and the leaf surface is smooth. 
Leaflet clusters are alternate on the vine, and the plant has no thorns. These three characteristics: (a) clusters of three leaflets, (b) alternate, and (c) lack of thorns, are sufficient to positively identify the plant. If it is growing up the trunk of a tree, the presence of root-hairs will identify it. 
The color ranges from light green (usually the younger leaves) to dark green (mature leaves), turning bright red in fall. The leaflets of mature leaves are somewhat shiny.The leaflets are 3-12 cm long, rarely up to 30 cm. Each leaflet has a few or no teeth along its edge, and the leaf surface is smooth. 
Leaflet clusters are alternate on the vine, and the plant has no thorns. These three characteristics: (a) clusters of three leaflets, (b) alternate, and (c) lack of thorns, are sufficient to positively identify the plant. If it is growing up the trunk of a tree, the presence of root-hairs will identify it. 
The plants can grow as a shrub up to about 1.2 meters (4 ft) tall, as a groundcover 10–25 centimeters (4–10 in) high, or as a climbing vine on various supports. Older vines on substantial supports send out lateral branches that may at first be mistaken for tree limbs.
The leaves are ternate with three almond-shaped leaflets. The berries (actually drupes) are a grayish-white color and are a favorite winter food of some birds. Hence the mnemonic,
"Leaves of three, let it be; berries white, danger in sight."
Another version is:
"Leaves of three let it be; if it's hairy, it's a berry."
It grows throughout much of North America, including all Canadian provinces except Newfoundland (but not the territories) and all U.S. states except Alaska, and is normally found in wooded areas, especially along edge areas. It also grows in exposed rocky areas, in open fields and disturbed areas, and even in areas with wet soils. It rarely grows at altitudes above 1,500 meters (5,000 ft).
Aside from the many subspecies, individual plants can vary greatly in the shape of their leaflets. 
The reaction caused by poison-ivy, urushiol-induced contact dermatitis, is an allergic reaction. Around 15% to 30% of people have no allergic response, but most if not all will become sensitized over time with repeated or more concentrated exposure to urushiol.
For those who are affected by urushiol, it causes a very irritating rash. In extreme cases, corticosteroids are needed to treat rashes and severe itching. The first symptom of contact is a severe itching of the skin that develops into reddish colored inflammation or non-colored bumps, and then blistering of the skin occurs. In severe cases, clear fluids ooze from open blistered sores. The urushiol poison is quickly bound to the skin after contact.
The oozing fluids released by itching blisters do not spread the poison. The appearance of a spreading rash indicates that some areas received more of the poison and reacted sooner than other areas. The blisters and oozing result from blood vessels that develop gaps and leak fluid through the skin; if the skin is cooled, the vessels constrict and leak less. If poison ivy is burned and the smoke then inhaled, this rash will appear on the lining of the lungs, causing extreme pain and possibly fatal respiratory difficulty. If poison ivy is eaten, the digestive tract, airway, kidneys or other organs can be damaged.
Understanding why new lesions may develop for two weeks (studied on forearm) after one exposure was made clear by a University of Miami scientist: Larger amounts have earliest onset and largest reaction, smaller amounts produce a delayed reaction. The overall severity "progresses" with the combined active lesions. Therefore, the last new lesion should occur at two weeks after last exposure, the total rash (untreated) may go on for 3-4 weeks. 
Urushiol oil can remain active for several years, so handling dead leaves or vines can cause a reaction. In addition, oil transferred from the plant to other objects, such as pet fur or gardening tools, can cause the rash if it comes into contact with the skin.
People who are sensitive to poison-ivy can also experience a similar rash from mangoes; the skin of mangoes has a chemical compound similar to urushiol. Similar reactions have been reported occasionally from contact with the related aromatic sumac or Japanese lacquer tree.
Spiderworts ("Tradescantia") are a genus of an estimated 71 species of perennial plants in the family Commelinaceae, native to the New World from southern Canada south to northern Argentina. Though sometimes accounted a weed, spiderwort is cultivated for borders and also used in containers. Where it appears as a volunteer, it is often welcomed and allowed to stay. The genus takes its name from John Tradescant the elder, a 17th-century English plant collector and nurseryman.
The first species described, Virginia Spiderwort "T. virginiana", is native to the eastern United States from Maine to Alabama, and Canada in southern Ontario. Virginia Spiderwort was introduced to Europe in 1629, where it is cultivated as a garden flower.
The Western Spiderwort T. occidentalis is listed as an endangered species in Canada, where the northernmost populations of the species are found at a few sites in southern Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Alberta; it is however more common further south in the United States south to Texas and Arizona.
The three species of Wandering Jew, one native to eastern Mexico, also belong to the tradescantia genus. Other names used for various species include Spider-lily, Cradle-lily, Oyster-plant and Flowering Inch Plant.
They are weakly upright to scrambling plants, growing to 30-60 cm tall, and are commonly found individually or in clumps in wooded areas and fields. The leaves are long, thin and bladelike to lanceolate, from 3-45 cm long. The flowers are white, pink or purple but most commonly bright blue, with three petals and six yellow anthers. The sap is mucilaginous and clear. A number of the species flower in the morning and when the sun shines on the flowers in the afternoon they close up, but the flowers can remain open on cloudy days until evening.
The cells of the stamen hairs of some Tradescantia are colored blue, but when exposed to sources of ionizing radiation such as gamma rays, the cells mutate and change color to pink; they are one of the few tissues known to serve as an effective bioassay for ambient radiation levels. 
Trees
Trees
"Trialeurodes vaporariorum", commonly known as the glasshouse or greenhouse whitefly inhabits the world’s temperate regions. It is a primary insect pest of many fruit, vegetable and ornamental crops, frequently being found in glasshouses and other protected horticultural environments. Adults are 1-2 mm in length, with yellowish bodies and four wax-coated wings held near parallel to the leaf surface.
All life-stages apart from eggs and pupae cause crop damage through direct feeding, inserting their stylet into leaf veins and extracting nourishment from the phloem sap. As a by-product of feeding, honeydew is excreted and that alone can be a second, major source of damage. The third and potentially most harmful characteristic is the ability of adults to transmit several plant viruses. The crop hosts principally affected are vegetables such as cucurbits, potatoes and tomatoes, although a range of other crop and non-crop plants including weed species are susceptible, and can therefore harbour the infection.
Females are capable of mating less than 24 hours after emergence and most frequently lay their eggs on the undersides of leaves. Eggs are pale yellow in colour, before turning grey prior to hatching. Newly hatched larvae, often known as crawlers, are the only mobile immature life-stage. During the first and second larval instars, the appearance is that of a pale yellow/translucent, flat scale which can be difficult to distinguish with the naked eye. During the fourth and final immature life-stage (the pupa), compound eyes and other body tissues become visible as the larvae thicken and rise from the leaf-surface.
Greenhouse whiteflies feed on a wide range of plants, including plants in the following genera:
Effective control has been provided for many years through the release of beneficial insects, such as the w:aphelinid parasitoid, "../Encarsia formosa/". If required, integrated pest management strategies can incorporate applications of selective chemical insecticides that complement these natural enemies. For the majority of outdoor crops chemicals are still the most widely used method of control. 
Trifolium pratense (Red Clover) s a species of clover, native to Europe, western Asia and northwest Africa, but planted and naturalised in many other regions. The plant was named "Trifolium pratense" by Carolus Linnaeus in 1753. "Pratense" is Latin for "found in meadows". It is widely grown as a fodder crop, valued for its nitrogen fixation which increases soil fertility. For these reasons it is used as a green manure crop. Several Cultivar Groups have been selected for agricultural use, mostly derived from var. "sativum". It has become naturalised in many temperate areas, including the Americas and Australasia as an escape from cultivation. 
It is the national flower of Denmark and the state flower of Vermont.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant, very variable in size, growing to 20-80 cm tall. The leaves are alternate, trifoliate (with three leaflets), each leaflet 15-30 mm long and 8-15 mm broad, green with a characteristic pale crescent in the outer half of the leaf; the petiole is 1-4 cm long, with two basal stipules. The flowers are dark pink with a paler base, 12-15 mm long, produced in a dense inflorescence 2-3 cm diameter.
There are seven varieties:
The isoflavones and phytoestrogens from Red Clover have been used to treat the symptoms of menopause. Women who are pregnant and breastfeeding should avoid ingesting Red Clover. It has also been reported that red clover can be used for therapeutic purposes for coughs, bronchitis, eczema, sores, scrofula and can be gargled for mouth ulcers and sore throats. It is also an ingredient in eight-herb essiac tea.
w:List of red clover diseases
White Clover ("Trifolium repens") is a species of clover native to Europe, northern Africa, and western Asia. It has been widely introduced elsewhere in the world as a pasture crop. Clover often grows in lawns, either as a weed or as an intentional lawn plant.
It is an herbaceous perennial plant. It is low growing, with heads of whitish flowers, often with a tinge of pink or cream. The heads are generally 1.5-2 cm wide, and are at the end of 7 cm peduncles or flower stalks. The leaves are trifoliolate, smooth, elliptic to egg-shaped and long-petioled. The stems function as stolons, so white clover often forms mats with the stems creeping as much as 18 cm a year, and rooting at the nodes.
White clover grows in turfgrass, crops, and landscapes. It is also found in a wide range of different field type environments. White clover can tolerate close mowing. It can grow on many different types of soil with various pH levels, but prefers clay. Like all clovers, this plant has a symbiotic relationship with nitrogen-fixing rhizobacteria that like in specialized root nodules, so it grows quite well in nitrogen-poor soils.
Before the introduction of broad-leaf herbicides, white clover was often added to lawn seed mixes, as it is able to grow and provide green cover in poorer soils where turfgrasses do not perform well. It is now generally considered a weed when growing in lawns, in part because the flowers are attractive to bees and wasps and thus create a danger for people using the lawn.
Besides making an excellent forage crop for livestock, clovers are a valuable survival food: they are high in protein, widespread, and abundant. They are not easy to digest raw, but this can be easily fixed by boiling for 5-10 minutes. Dried flowerheads and seedpods can also be ground up into a nutritious flour and mixed with other foods. Dried flowerheads also can be steeped in hot water for a healthy, tasty tea-like infusion.
White clover is frequently used as a "living mulch" due to its nitrogen-fixing abilities and low habit. Aside from controlling erosion, the flowers serve to attract pollenating insects as well.
A hardiness zone is a geographically-defined zone in which a specific category of plant life is capable of growing, as defined by temperature hardiness, or ability to withstand the minimum temperatures of the zone. The zones were first developed by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and have subsequently been adopted elsewhere. They are categorized according to the mean of the lowest temperature recorded each winter, termed the "average annual minimum temperature". Thus if five successive winters reach respective minima of −14 °C, −12 °C, −8 °C, −16 °C, and −13 °C, the mean coldest temperature is −12.6 °C, placing the site in zone 7.
The hardiness zones are effective in that, for many situations, extremes of winter cold are a major determining factor in whether a plant species can be cultivated outdoors at a particular location. However, it does have a number of drawbacks, most significantly in not incorporating summer heat levels into the zone determination. Thus sites which may have the same mean winter minima, but markedly different summer temperatures, will still be accorded the same hardiness zone. An extreme example is the Shetland Islands and southern Alabama, which are both on the boundary of zones 8 and 9 and share the same winter minima, but very little else in their climates; in summer, the continental climate of Alabama is about 20 degrees Celsius hotter than the oceanic climate of Shetland, and there are very few plants that can be grown at both locations. Due to its maritime climate, the UK is in AHS Heat Zone 2 (having 1 to 8 days hotter than 30 degrees Celsius), whereas Alabama is in Zones 7 to 9 (61 to 150 days hotter than 30 degrees Celsius).
Another problem is that the hardiness zones do not take into account the reliability of the snow cover. Snow acts like an insulator against extreme cold temperatures, protecting the root system of hibernating plants. If the snow cover is reliable (then present during the coldest days), the actual temperature to which the roots are exposed is not as low as the hardiness zone number would indicate. As an example, Quebec City in Canada is located in zone 4 but can rely on an important snow cover every year, making it possible to cultivate plants normally rated for zones 5 or 6, whereas in Montreal, located in zone 5, it is sometimes difficult to cultivate plants adapted to the zone because of the unreliable snow cover.
Low temperature is not the only determinant of plant survival - other factors such as high summer temperature, humidity, soil temperature, etc. may be equally important. Also, many plants will survive in a locality but won't flower if the day length is inappropriate or if they require vernalisation (a particular duration of low temperature). The low temperature statistic is only appropriate for woody perennial species, and even then its use is limited. With annuals the time of planting can often be adjusted to allow growth beyond their normal geographical range.
The main factors determining average minimum temperature are altitude, latitude and proximity to the coast.
There are problems with maps of this type: the spread of weather stations is insufficient to give clear zones and too many places with different climates are lumped together. Only 738 Australian stations have records of more than ten years (one station per 98,491 hectares!), though more populated areas have relatively fewer hectares per station. Local factors such as aspect, altitude, proximity to the sea also complicate the matter. For example, Mt Isa has three climatic stations with more than a ten year record. One is in Zone 4a, one in Zone 4b and the other is in Zone 5a. Likewise Sydney residents can choose between Zones 3a to 4b. Most other cities have similar problems. Different locations in the same city are suitable for different plants making it hard to draw a meaningful map. There may even be a case for publishing a list of weather stations and their zone Classification to allow best use of local conditions.
The map is thus only useful as a broad guide. It needs interpretation that takes into account factors other than low temperature, as well as local knowledge. 
An alternative system for describing plant hardiness is to use indicator plants (the USDA also publishes a list of these to go with their map). Common plants with known limits to their range are used. For example, many people will know whether lemons will grow in their locality. If you then say Geraldton Wax will grow more or less where lemons will grow you have defined the range of Geraldton Wax with some accuracy (whether or not it will flower is another problem). Unfortunately no two plant species have exactly the same requirements and there are even within-species differences. 'Meyer' lemons, for example, are more cold tolerant than 'Eureka'. You can really only define core areas and they are often fairly arbitrary.
In North America hardiness zones map was revised and published by the USDA in 1990 and can be used as a guideline for categorizing locations suitable for growing a particular annual plant variety.
The temperatures are based on the lowest temperatures recorded for each of the years 1974 to 1986 in the United States and Canada and 1971 to 1984 in Mexico. The map shows 10 different zones, each of which represents an area of winter hardiness for the plants of agriculture and our natural landscape. A draft of the latest version also introduces zone 11 to represent areas that have average annual minimum temperatures above 40°F (4.4°C) and that are therefore essentially frost free.
Due to the moderating effect of the Gulf Stream on the Irish and UK's temperate maritime climate, the UK, and Ireland even more so, have rather milder winters than their northerly position suggests.
This means that the hardiness zones relevant to the UK are quite high, from 7 to 10, as shown below.
The Australia Continent, though surrounded by ocean, is drier than Europe or North America. Australia numbers its climate zones differently, but this system can be translated into the North American systems with minimal effort. 
Plant hardiness refers to survivability of the conditions of a particular location, including heat tolerance, soil moisture, humidity and so on. This map is based only on how well they survive low winter temperatures; a gross oversimplification. For example, are plants affected more by a single extremely low temperature night, or is the number of days of frost (the duration of winter) more important? In fact both are important, but the statistic for the map only relates directly to the former. Moreover, plants will survive in an area for some time, but a rare catastrophic cold snap will kill them. Some risk evaluation - the probability of getting a particularly severe low temperature - often would be more useful rather than just the average conditions.
In 2003, a preliminary draft of a new map was produced by the American Horticultural Society (AHS), compiled by Meteorological Evaluation Services Co., Inc. of Amityville, NY, using temperature data collected from July 1986 to March 2002. This was a period of unusually warm winters, especially in the eastern U.S.A., and thus the 2003 map places many areas a zone higher (warmer) than the 1990 map. The draft map also shows finer detail, for example reflecting urban heat islands by showing the downtown areas of several cities (e.g., Baltimore, Maryland and Washington, DC) as a full zone warmer than outlying areas. The 2003 draft map has been widely criticized and its current status is uncertain; as of April 2006 the AHS website still presents the 1990 map as the current one.
In addition, the National Arbor Day Foundation has recently completed an extensive updating of U.S. Hardiness Zones in 2004. The new 2004 Arborday.org Hardiness Zones map is based on the most recent 15 year’s data available from more than 5,000 National Climatic Data Center cooperative stations across the United States. 
Once the Foundation analyzed the new data, hardiness zones were revised, generally reflecting warmer recent temperatures in many parts of the country. The Arbor Day Foundation used the updated versions of the same sources of data as had been utilized by the U.S. Department of Agriculture in the creation of its hardiness zone maps. The 2004 map appears to validate the data used in the 2003 draft completed by the AHS. http://www.arborday.org/media/zones.cfm
Here are the USDA plant hardiness zones for major U.S. cities (based on the draft 2003 map):
USDA Hardiness Zones
Udea rubigalis is a pest insect of greenhouses, field crops, and landscape ornamentals, native to North America. They can cause heavy damage, particularly to greenhouse plants.
Larvae (caterpillars) are yellow to green, with a white stripe on the back. Older caterpillars create webbing which ties leaves together for protection.
Adult is a small brown moth (wingspan about 3/4 inch). 
Tied leaves, heavy feeding damage.
White eggs are laid on the leaves. Complete life cycle takes about 40 days.
Urushiol-induced contact dermatitis (also called Toxicodendron dermatitis and Rhus dermatitis) is the medical name given to allergic rashes produced by oil urushiol, which is contained in various plants, including the plants of the genus "../Toxicodendron/" (including poison ivy, poison oak, and poison Sumac), as well as other plants in the family Anacardiaceae (mango, Rengas tree, Burmese lacquer tree, India marking nut tree, and the shell of the cashew nut), and even unrelated plants such as "../Ginkgo biloba/". 
Symptoms of the rash include itching, inflammation, oozing, and in severe cases a burning sensation. The American Academy of Dermatology estimates that there are up to 50 million cases of urushiol-induced dermatitis annually in the United States alone, accounting for 10% of all lost-time injuries in the United States Forest Service. Poison oak is a significant problem in the rural western and southern U.S., while poison-ivy is most rampant in the eastern U.S. Dermatitis from poison sumac is less common, but just as problematic.
Urushiol-induced contact dermatitis is contracted by contact with a plant or any other object containing urushiol oil. Clothing or other materials that contact the plant and then, before being washed, contact the skin are common causes of exposure. Normally, it takes about 24 hours for the rash to first appear, though it may worsen during the next few days and may appear to spread, when in fact what is happening is that areas that received a lesser dose are reacting. The rash can take one to two weeks to run its course, and in some cases up to five weeks.
Urushiol is primarily found in the spaces between plant cells beneath the outer skin of the plant, so the effects of urushiol rash are less severe if the plant tissue remains undamaged on contact. Once the oil and resin are thoroughly washed from the skin, the rash is not contagious. Urushiol does not spread once it has bound with the skin, and it is not found in weeping blisters. Although the rash may worsen during the first few days and may appear to spread to new areas, this is usually simply latent reaction.
Although simple skin exposure is most common, ingestion can also lead to serious, more systemic reactions. Burning plant material is commonly said to create urushiol-laden smoke that causes systemic reaction as well as rash inside the throat and on the eyes. A high-temperature fully inflamed bonfire might incinerate the urushiol before it can cause harm, while a smoldering fire could vaporize the volatile oil and spread it as white smoke. However, some sources dispute the danger of burning urushiol-containing plant material.
The toxic effects of urushiol are largely indirect, mediated by an induced autoimmune response. Urushiol chemically reacts with, binds to and changes the shape of cell surface proteins on exposed skin cells. Affected proteins interfere with the immune systems ability to recognize these cells as normal parts of the body. These abnormally coated cells (perhaps confused by the immune system with invading parasites) are recognized as foreign, initiating a T-cell mediated immune response. This immune response is directed towards the complex of urushiol derivatives which are bound up in the skin proteins and attacks the cells as if they were a foreign agent. The result is an allergic eczematous contact dermatitis characterized by redness, swelling, papules, vesicles, blisters, and streaking. People vary greatly in their sensitivity to urushiol. In approximately 15% to 30% of people urishiol does not initiate an immune system response, while at least 25% of people have very strong immune responses resulting in severe symptoms. Since the skin reaction is an allergic one, people may develop an increasingly strong reactions after repeated exposures, or show no immune response on their first exposure, but show sensitivity on following exposures.
The rash takes one to two weeks to run its course, but normally does not leave scars. Severe cases will have small (1–2 mm) clear fluid-filled blisters on the skin. Pus-filled vesicles, containing a whitish fluid, may indicate a secondary infection. Most poison ivy rashes, without infections, will self-resolve within 14 days without treatment. Excessive scratching may result in secondary infection, commonly by staphylococcal and streptococcal species. These may require the use of antibiotics.
Primary treatment involves washing exposed skin thoroughly with soap and water as soon as possible after exposure is discovered. Soap or detergent is necessary, as urushiol is a hydrophobic (oily) substance and is not washed off by plain water. Once an outbreak has occurred topical application of cold compresses, Burow's solution, calamine lotion, antihistamines, aloe vera and hydrocortisone ointment are common home-remedies used to abate the symptoms. Oral administration of aspirin and antihistamines may provide some relief from the itch and irritation.
No vaccine has been developed to counter urushiol symptoms, so the most effective "cures" are generally held to be those products that physically remove the urushiol. After about 15 minutes of exposure, the urushiol is chemically bonded to the skin and can only be removed with pharmaceutical products, which vary by person in effectiveness. Two of these products, which are both over the counter drugs in the United States, are:
In cases of extreme symptoms, steroids such as Prednisone are sometimes administered to attenuate the immune response. If bacterial secondary infection of affected areas occurs, antibiotics may also be necessary.
There are many myths that deal with treating toxicodendrons such as poison ivy. Most have been discredited, but persist despite their falsehood. Some clarifications (these statements are true):
This book uses a number of templates both for providing a consistent layout for various sorts of pages, as well as providing categories for plant finding. 
More specific versions below should be used when applicable.
Using Templates 
Vegetables are plants grown for their vegetative parts, such as leaves or stems. However, some "vegetables" are actually flower parts, and many fruits are referred to as vegetables as well.
Vegetable is a culinary term which may be applied to any part of an herbaceous plant that humans eat whole or in part is a vegetable, except for culinary fruit, grains, nuts, herbs, and spices. Mushrooms are also commonly considered vegetables, though of course these are not true plants.
../Allotment Gardening/
../Crop Rotation/
Vegetables
Veratrum viride (Indian Poke, Indian Hellebore, False Hellebore, Green False Hellebore) is a woodland herbaceous plant native to eastern and western (but not central) North America. It is extremely toxic, and is considered a pest plant by farmers with livestock. The species has acquired a large number of common names within its native range, including American False Hellebore, American White Hellebore, Bear Corn, Big Hellebore, Corn Lily, Devils Bite, Duck Retten, Indian Hellebore, Itch-weed, Itchweed, Poor Annie, and Tickleweed.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant reaching 0.7-2 m tall, with a solid green stem. The leaves are spirally arranged, 10–35 cm long and 5–20 cm broad, elliptic to broad lanceolate ending in a short point, heavily ribbed and hairy on the underside. The flowers are numerous, produced in a large branched inflorescence 30–70 cm tall; each flower is 5–12 mm long, with six green to yellow-green tepals. The fruit is a capsule 1.5–3 cm long, which splits into three sections at maturity to release the numerous flat 8–10 mm diameter seeds. The plant reproduces through rhizome growth as well as seeds.
There are two varieties:
The related western North American "../Veratrum californicum/" (White False Hellebore) can be distinguished from sympatric var. "eschscholzianum" by its whiter flowers, with erect side branches of the inflorescence.
In eastern North America, var. "viride" occurs from southwestern Labrador and southern Quebec south to northern Georgia. In the west, var. "eschscholzianum" occurs from Alaska and Northwest Territory south through Yukon, British Columbia, Alberta, Washington, Idaho, Montana, and Oregon to northern California.
It is found in wet soils in meadows and open forests, from sea level in the north of the range, up to 1,600 m in the southeast and 2,500 m in the southwest.
The plant is highly toxic, causing nausea and vomiting. If the poison is not evacuated, cold sweat and vertigo appears. Respiration slows, cardiac rhythm and blood pressure falls, eventually leading to death.
It is used externally by several Native American nations for external treatment. Although is rarely ever used modern herbalism due to its concentration of various alkaloids, it has been used in the past against high blood pressure and rapid heartbeat. The root contains even higher concentrations than the aerial parts.
The plant was used by some tribes to elect a new leader. All the candidates would eat the root, and the last to start vomiting would become the new leader.
The Common Mullein or Great Mullein ("Verbascum thapsus" L.) is a species of mullein native to Europe and Asia. Other common names are Woolly Mullein, Flannel Mullein, Shepherd's Club, and Aaron's Rod. This dicotyledonous biennial is an introduced weed in several other parts of the world. It has been renowned since ancient times as a remedy for skin, throat and breathing ailment. The specific epithet "thapsus" is of unclear origins. It might be related to the African city of Thapsus, or the Greek establishment of Thapsos, now near Syracuse, Sicily.
Common Mullein is a biennial that flowers for a month and a half in mid- to late summer. The first year it only produces a rosette of leaves. The second year it produces a tall stem that can reach up to 10 feet and ends in a dense spike of flowers, only a few of which flower at the same time. All parts of the plants are covered with star-shaped trichomes. The dried stem and fruits usually persist in winter.
The leaves are alternate, thick and decurrent, with a shape varying between oblong and oblanceolate and a size up to 4 inches across and 12 inches long (10.2 cm wide and 30.5 cm long). Their size diminishes as they get higher on the stem. The stem is solid (nearly an inch across) and is sometimes branched just below the inflorescence, typically doing so when damaged. The plants produces shallow taproots.
Flowers are pentamerous, with a 5-lobed calyx tube and corolla, the latter yellow and an inch or less wide, and five stamens. The flowers are almost sessile, with only very short pedicels (2 mm, 0.08 in). The three upper stamens are longer, with their filaments covered with yellow or whitish hair, while the two other stamen have glabrous filaments. The plant produces small (6 mm, 0.24 in) capsules containing large numbers of minute (less than a millimeter) brown seeds.
The species is native to a wide range covering most of temperate Europe, parts of North Africa, Central Asia and the Himalayas. It was introduced and has naturalized in North America, Australia, Chile, Hispaniola and Argentina (1925). In the United States it was imported very early and cultivated for its medicinal property. By the 1630s, it was already escaped and had begun spreading so much that Amos Eaton thought it was a native plant, and gives it as such in 1818. In 1839 it is already reported in Michigan and in 1876, in California. It is now found commonly in all the states, and all the Canadian provinces.
Common Mullein is most frequent as a colonizer of disturbed soils. This is in part due to the plant's intolerance of shade and the very long periods that can extend before germination. It is not an agricultural weed, although its presence can be very difficult to completely eradicate, and is problematic in overgrazed pastures. It is considered a noxious weed in Colorado (Class C), Hawaii and Victoria, Australia (regionally prohibited in the West Gippsland region, and regionally controlled in several others).
This species favors dry, sandy or gravelly soils, although it can grow in a variety of habitats: meadows, roadsides, forest clearings and pastures. Common Mullein germinates almost solely in bare soil, in temperatures between 10 and 40°C (50F to 104F). While it can germinate in total darkness if proper conditions are present (tests give a 35% germination rate under ideal conditions), in nature, it will only appear if the seeds are exposed, or very close to the soil surface. While it can also appear in areas where some vegetation exist, growth of the rosettes on bare soil is four to seven times more rapid.
Common Mullein requires vernalization before it can flower. Plants that germinate in autumn overwinter if they are large enough (rosettes less than 15 cm (5,9 in) across die in winter) before flowering the next year. The entire plant usually dies at the end of its second year, although some rare individual remain vegetative a third year.
Individual flowers are open only for a day. They are autogamous and will self-fertilize if they haven't been pollinated by insects during the day. While many insects visit the flowers, only some bees will actually accomplish pollination. Visitors include Halictidae bees and hoverflies. Megachilidae bees, notably "Anthidium" species, use the hair in making their nests. Seeds are generally too small for birds to feed on, although the American Goldfinch was reported to consume them.
Common Mullein seeds maintain their germinative powers for decades, up to a hundred years, according to some studies. Because of this, and because the plant is an extremely prolific seed bearer (up to 180,000 or 240,000), it can sprout from apparently bare ground or shortly after forest fires long after previous plants have died, and will likely be an initial colonist. Common Mullein rarely establishes on new grounds without human intervention because its seeds are not dispersed very far. Seed dispersion requires the stem to be moved by wind or animal movement, and 75% of the seeds fall within a single meter of the parent plant; 93% fall within five meters.
Common Mullein is not considered an agricultural weed because it cannot compete with established plants, and is easily crowded out by them, except in areas where vegetation is sparse to begin with, such as Californian semi-desertic areas (Eastern Sierra Nevada), where it crowds out native herbs and grasses; Its tendency to appear after forest fires also disturbs the normal ecological succession. Despite not being an agricultural weed itself, it hosts a number of insects and diseases, including both pests and Beneficial insects. It is also a potential reservoir of the ../Cucumber Mosaic Virus. A study found "V. thapsus" to host insects from 29 different families. Most of the pests found were western flower thrips ("../Frankliniella occidentalis/"), "../Lygus/" species, such as the tarnished plant bug ("../Lygus lineolaris/") and various ../Spider Mites/ from the family Tetranychidae. These make the plant a potential reservoir for overwintering pests. Other insects commonly found on Common Mullein are specific feeders such as mullein thrips ("../Haplothrips/ verbasci"), "../Gymnaetron tetrum/" and the Mullein Moth ("../Cucullia verbasci/"). Useful insects are also hosted by Common Mullein, including predatory mites of the "../Galendromus/", "../Typhlodromus/" and "../Amblyseius/" genera (Phytoseiidae), the minute pirate bug ("../Orius tristicolor/") and the mullein plant bug ("../Campylomma verbasci/").
Common Mullein has long had a medicinal reputation, especially as an astringent and emollient. It contains mucilage, several saponins, coumarin and rotenone. Dioscorides recommended it for diseases of the lung. Non medical uses have included dyeing and making torches.
2000 years ago, Dioscorides first recommended the plant against pulmonary diseases, and this has remained one of its primary uses, especially against cough. Leaf decoctions or herbal teas were used for expectoration, consumption, dry cough, bronchitis, sore throat and hemorrhoids. Leaves were also smoked against pulmonary ailments, a tradition that would be rapidly transmitted to the native Americans.
Oil from the flowers was used against catarrhs, colics and, in Germany, earaches, frostbite, eczema and other external problems. Topical application of various mullein-based preparation was recommended against warts, boils, carbuncles, and chilblains, amongst others. Recent studies have found Mullein (especially the flowers) to contain glycyrrhizin compounds with bactericide and potentially anti-tumoral action. In Germany, a governmental commission sanctioned medicinal use of the plant for catarrhs. It was also part of the National Formulary in the United States and United Kingdom. The plant's leaves, in addition to the seeds, have been reported as containing rotenone, although quantities are unknown.
In [Spanish, Commmon Mullein is called "Gordolobo", a name transferred on "Gnaphalium conoideum", a plant with a similar appearance and uses by the Mexican Aztecs, and the two are both sold under the name "Gordolobo," which has lead to at least one case of poisoning due to confusion with "Senecio longilobus."
Like many ancient plants (Pliny the Elder describes it in his "Naturalis Historia"), Common Mullein was linked to witches, although the relationship remained generally ambiguous, and the plant was also widely held as being able to ward off curses and evil spirits.
The flowers provide dyes of bright yellow or green, and have been used for hair coloring. The dried leaves and hair were made into candle wicks, or put into shoes to help with warmth keeping. The dried stems were also dipped into suet or wax to make torches.
Control of the plant, when desired, is best managed via mechanical means, namely hand pulling and hoeing, preferably followed by sowing of native plants. Animals do not graze it because of its irritating hairs, and herbicides require surfactants to be effective, as the hair cause water to roll off the plant, much like the lotus effect. Burning is ineffective, as it only creates new bare areas for seedlings to colonize. "G. tetrum" and "C. verbasci" usually have little effect on "V. thapsus" populations. goats and chickens have been proposed to control Mullein. Effective (when used with a surfactant) contact herbicides include ../Glyphosate, triclopyr and ../Sulfurometuron-methyl/. Ground herbicides, like ../Tebuthiuron/, are also effective, but recreate bare ground and require repeated application to prevent regrowth.
<Horticulture/Soils and Composts
Vermicomposting is the art, science, or practice of cultivating worms for their castings (excretions from an earthworm, the end product of vermicomposting). Most commonly done on a small scale by gardeners, vermicomposting is an easy way to convert kitchen scraps and other organic matter into a useful compost which can be used in the garden or even in potted plants. Vermicomposting can be done both indoors and outdoors, and is commonly practiced in both urban and rural areas. This chapter is a how-to manual to help aspiring vermicomposters get started.
Vermicomposting is a great way to turn your kitchen scraps into useful material for the garden. 
Vermicomposting can be done either indoors or outdoors, and is a great way for urbanites to compost their kitchen scraps.
Vermicomposting is fun for children.
Vermicompost is a superior soil amendment.
Vermicomposting keeps "recyclable" materials out of the landfill.
There are several methods for making vermicompost, from small scale indoor bins to large windrow-based operations. When choosing which strategy to use, there are several things to take into account.
Vermicomposting
This is the as copied on March 2, 2006.
Vermicompost (or Worm Compost) is the name for the "castings" produced from the breakdown of organic matter by special varieties of earthworms. Compared to ordinary soil, the earthworm castings (the material produced from the digestive tracts of worms) contain five times more nitrogen, seven times more phosphorus and 11 times more potassium. They are rich in humic acids and improve the structure of the soil.
The earthworm most often to be found in the compost heap is Brandling Worms (Eisenia foetida), or Redworms (Lumbricus rubellus). This species is only rarely found in soil and is adapted to the special conditions in rotting vegetation, compost and manure piles. Earthworms are available from mail-order suppliers, or from angling shops where they are sold as bait. Small scale vermicomposting is well suited to turn kitchen wastes into high quality soil where space is limited. 
In addition to worms, a healthy vermicomposting system hosts many other organisms such as insects, molds, and bacteria. Though these all play a role in the composting process, the earthworm is the major catalyst for the composting process.
Vermicomposting bins vary drastically depending on the system an individual composter wishes to create.
Small scale systems offer a wide variety of bins. Often, small-scale composters build their own bins. Companies also offer commercial models for sale. Commonly, bins are built out of old plastic containers, wood, Styrofoam containers, or metal containers.
Some materials are less desirable than others in bin construction. Styrofoam is believed to release toxins into the earthworms' environment. Metal containers often conduct heat too readily, are prone to rusting, and may release heavy metals into compost.
The design of small bins usually depends on where an individual wishes to store the bin and how they wish to feed the worms. All bins in general have holes for airflow in the sides and some form of drainage, either holes in the bottom to drain on to a collection tray or an actual spout that can be opened or closed to allow drainage. Plastic bins in general require more drainage than wooden because they are non absorbent. Regardless of the material used to build the bin, most small bins can be grouped into three categories:
Most large scale vermicomposting or vermiculturing systems do not incorporate an actual physical bin at all, because it is simply too impracticable. A large system will usually use a windrow. The windrow simply consists of bedding materials for the earthworms to live in (see bedding below) and acts as a large worm bin; organic material is added to the windrow and the worms perform the composting. Although the windrow has no physical barriers to prevent worms from escaping, in theory they should not due to an abundance of organic matter for them to feed on. Often times windrows are used on a concrete surface to prevent predators from killing off worm populations.
When beginning a vermicomposting bin, add as many composting worms as available. They should be added to moist bedding. Quantities of kitchen waste appropriate for the worm population can be added to the bin daily or weekly. At first, feed the worms approximately 1/2 their body weight in kitchen scraps a day, maximum. After they have established themselves, you can feed them up to their entire body weight. 
Bedding in a worm bin is the living medium for the worms but is also used as a food source, it is material that is high in carbon and is made to mimic dried leaves on the forest floor, which is the worms' natural habitat. The bedding needs to be moist (often related to the consistency of a wrung-out sponge) and loose to enable the earthworms to breath and to facilitate aerobic decomposition. A wide variety of bedding materials can be used including newspaper, sawdust, hay, cardboard, peat moss, aged manure (meaning the manure has to be pre-composted before use), and dried leaves. Most vermicomposters avoid using any glossy papers from newspapers and magazines, junk mail and shredded paper from offices, because they may contain toxins which will severely affect the system. Also some cardboard cannot be used if it contains wax or plastic, such as cereal boxes, and other boxes designed to hold food items. Newspapers and phone books printed on regular, non-glossy pages are heavily regulated by the FDA and use non-toxic soy and Canola based inks (see Soy ink).
The worms that are used in composting systems prefer temperatures between 55 and 70 degrees Fahrenheit (c. 12-21 degrees Celsius), and temperature of the bedding should not get below freezing or above 85 degrees Fahrenheit (29 degrees Celsius).
Over the long term, care should be taken to maintain optimum moisture levels and pH balance. In a non-continuous-flow vermicomposting bin, excess liquid can be drained via a tap and used as plant food. A continuous flow bin will not retain excess liquid and it requires extra water to be added to keep the bedding moist. Too many citrus peels in the material to be composted can cause excessive acidity, but this can be mitigated by adding an occasional handful of lime. 
Worms as well as other microorganisms in the composting process require oxygen, so the bin must "breathe". This can be accomplished by regularly removing the composted material, adding holes to a composting bin, or using a continuous-flow bin. If insufficient oxygen is available, the compost will become anaerobic. This will provide a host environment for a different type of decay process which produces a strong odor offensive to most people. This type of decay is found in swamps and bogs and is responsible for the stench sometimes found in these environments.
There are basically two methods of adding more matter to the bin.
Note: Red Wiggler worms are not native to North America. They are an invasive species and have become naturalized in most of the globe. Do not dump worm-containing compost in natural areas as they can have the effect of displacing the native worms.
Worm compost is usually too rich for use as a seed compost, but is useful as a top layer of soil or an addition to potting composts. Some types of pitted seeds are reportedly easier to germinate when placed in vermicompost for several months.
Vermicompost is beneficial for soil in three ways:
Vermicomposting
Vermiculite is a material which is made by heating the rock mica to a high tempature at which point it expands and becomes capable of 
holding a large amount of water. It is also porus which allows a plant more oxygen below the soils surface.
Veronica arvensis -- known variously as Corn Speedwell, Common Speedwell, Speedwell, Rock Speedwell, or Wall Speedwell -- is a low-growing herb native to Europe, but also an invasive weed in North America.
Low-growing, somewhat hairy plant with small dark-blue flowers. Flowers from late spring through early autumn.
Spread by the small seeds, usually with the help of foot traffic. Common in nursery containers.
Has some medicinal uses.
Viburnum prunifolium (Blackhaw, also spelled Black haw, Blackhaw Viburnum, or Stag Bush), is a species of small trees or large shrubs native to southeastern North America, from Connecticut west to eastern Kansas, and south to Alabama and Texas.
It is a deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 2–9 m tall with a short crooked trunk and stout spreading branches; in the northern parts of its range, it is a shrub, becoming a small tree in the southern parts of its range. The bark is reddish-brown, very rough on old stems. The branchlets are red at first, then green, finally dark brown tinged with red. The winter buds are coated with rusty tomentum. The flower buds ovate, 1 cm long, much larger than the axillary buds. The leaves are simple, up to 9 cm long and 6 cm broad, oval, ovate or orbicular, wedge-shaped or rounded at base, serrate, acute, with serrated edges with a grooved and slightly winged red petiole 1.5 cm long; they turn red in fall. The leaves are superficially similar to some species of "../Prunus/" (thus ""prunifolium""); they come out of the bud involute, shining, green, tinged with red, sometimes smooth, or clothed with rusty tomentum; when full grown dark green and smooth above, pale, smooth or tomentose beneath.
The flowers are creamy white, 9 mm diameter; the calyx is urn-shaped, five-toothed, persistent; the corolla is five-lobed, with rounded lobes, imbricate in bud; the five stamens alternate with the corolla lobes, the filaments slender, the anthers pale yellow, oblong, two-celled, the cells opening longitudinally; the ovary is inferior, one-celled, with a thick, pale green style and a flat stigma and a single ovule. The flowers are borne in flat-topped cymes 10 cm in diameter in mid to late spring. The fruit is a drupe 1 cm long, dark blue-black with glaucous bloom, hangs until winter, becomes edible after being frosted, then eaten by birds; the stone is flat and even, broadly oval. Wherever it lives, black haw prefers sunny woodland with well-drained soil and adequate water.
It has both value in the pleasure garden, providing good fall color and early winter provender for birds, and medicinal properties.
It has hybridized with "../Viburnum lentago/" in cultivation, to give the garden hybrid "../Viburnum × jackii/".
The wood is brown tinged with red; heavy, hard, close-grained with a density of 0.8332.
For centuries, black haw has been used for medical purposes, mainly for gynecological conditions. The bark is the part of the plant used in treatments.
The active components include scopoletin, aesculetin, salicin, 1-methyl-2,3 clibutyl hemimellitate, and viburnin. Tannin is another chemical component of black haw.
Native Americans used a decoction of black haw to treat gynecological conditions, including menstrual cramps, aiding recovery after childbirth, and in treating the effects of menopause. As a folk remedy, black haw has been used to treat menstrual pain, and morning sickness. Due to its antispasmodic properties, the plant may also be of use in treating cramps of the digestive tract or the bile ducts.
Black haw's primary use was to prevent miscarriages.American slaveholders also used the plant to prevent abortions. Slaves were a valuable asset, and their owner also owned their offspring, so ensuring that female slaves gave birth was of paramount importance. In defiance, some slave women would attempt to use cotton seeds to cause a miscarriage. The slaveowners would therefore force pregnant slaves to drink an infusion of black haw to prevent that.
The primary use of black haw today is to prevent menstrual cramps. The salicin in black haw may also be of use in pain relief.
As black haw contains salicin, a chemical relative of aspirin, people who are allergic to that substance should not use black haw. In addition, due to the connection between aspirin and Reye's syndrome, young people or people afflicted with a viral disease should not use black haw.
The chemicals in black haw do relax the uterus and therefore probably prevent miscarriage; however, the salicin may be teratogenic. Consequently, pregnant women should not use black haw. Furthermore, anyone using herbs for medical reasons should only use them under the supervision of a qualified medical professional.
Black haw is not on the FDA's "generally recognized as safe list".
Vinca minor (Lesser Periwinkle) is a plant native to central and southern Europe, from Portugal and France north to the Netherlands and the Baltic States, and east to the Caucasus, and also in southwestern Asia in Turkey. The species is commonly grown as a ground cover in temperate gardens for its evergreen foliage, spring and summer flowers, ease of culture, and dense habit that smothers most weeds. The species has few pests or diseases outside it native range and is widely naturalised and classified as an invasive species in parts of North America. 
Other vernacular names used in cultivation include Small Periwinkle, Common Periwinkle, and sometimes Myrtle or Creeping Myrtle in parts of the United States.
"Vinca minor" grows as a trailing vine or subshrub, spreading along the ground and rooting along the stems to form large clonal colonies and occasionally scrambling up to 40 cm high but never twining or climbing. The leaves are evergreen, opposite, 2-4.5 cm long and 1-2.5 cm broad, glossy dark green with a leathery texture and an entire margin. The flowers are solitary in the leaf axils and are produced mainly from early spring to mid summer but with a few flowers still produced into the autumn; they are violet-purple (pale purple or white in some cultivated selections), 2-3 cm diameter, with a five-lobed corolla. The fruit is a pair of follicles 2.5 cm long, containing numerous seeds.
The closely related species "../Vinca major/" is similar but larger in all parts, and with relatively broader leaves with a hairy margin.
There are numerous cultivars, with different flower colours and variegated foliage, including 'Argenteovariegata' (white leaf edges), 'Aureovariegata' (yellow leaf edges), 'Gertrude Jekyll' (white flowers), and 'Plena' (double flowers). 
Ethnomedically, the dried leaves, aerial parts, and in some cases the entire plant of "Vinca", are used to enhance blood circulation, including that of the brain, enhance metabolism in the brain, and to treat cardiovascular disorders. Vincamine is the pharmaceutical molecule responsible for "Vinca's" nootropic activity.
The stems and foliage are often used in cut flower arrangements as well, providing a dark, glossy base or allowed to cascade over the vase's lip.
Vining weeds such as Mock Strawberry and crown vetch can be a serious problem, so careful monitoring should be kept up in order to catch these problems early. Grasses (especially lawn grasses) can also establish in "Vinca" patches, and can be difficult to remove without ripping up the vines in the process, so care should be taken when overseeding nearby lawns.
Heavy leaves should not be allowed to sit on the vines through the winter, as fungal diseases often result. Likewise, mulches should not be added over the vines, and if bulbs are interplanted, the dying bulb foliage should be kept off the vine's foliage.
During severe winters, the plant may be burned and lose its foliage. It regrows quickly in the spring, but extra care should be taken to keep weeds from establishing themselves before the leaves can shade the soil. 
Botrytis Blight, Dieback, Vinca Canker, Leaf Spots, Root & Stem Rot, Aster-yellows.
Mosaic is the symptom of a number of plant viruses, perhaps the most familiar being ../Tobacco Mosaic Virus/, which affects a wide range of hosts. 
Irregular blotching of differently colored patches on the leaf, often with different colors in interveinal parts of the leaves. 
Like any virus, transmission requires a vector (usually aphids) but human activity (such as pruning or grafting) can also transmit the viruses. 
A wasp is any insect of the order Hymenoptera and suborder Apocrita that is not a bee or an ant. Less familiar, the suborder Symphyta includes the sawflies and wood wasps, which differ from the Apocrita by having a broad connection between the thorax and abdomen. Also, Symphyta larvae are mostly herbivorous and "caterpillarlike", whereas those of Apocrita are largely predatory or "parasitic" (technically known as parasitoids).
Most familiar wasps belong to the Aculeata, a division of the Apocrita, whose ovipositors are modified into a venomous stinger. Aculeata also contains ants and bees. In this sense, the insects called "velvet ants" (the family Mutillidae) are actually wasps.
A narrower meaning of the term wasp is any member of the Aculeate family Vespidae, which includes the yellowjackets ("Vespula", "Dolichovespula" spp.) and hornets ("Vespa" spp.).
Wasps are mostly predators, rather than plant pests, but some species do cause plant damage, and several are nuisances (or even dangerous) to the gardener because of their venomous stings. Wasps are critically important in natural biocontrol, as almost every pest insect species has a wasp species that is predatory or parasitic upon it, and are often introduced as agricultural pest controls.
The following characteristics are present in most wasps:
In wasps, as in other Hymenoptera, sexes are significantly genetically different. Females have a diploid (2n) number of chromosomes and come about from fertilized eggs. Males, in contrast, have a haploid (n) number of chromosomes and develop from an unfertilised egg.
Wasps can either be solitary or social, with some species (such as hornets and yellowjackets) forming large colonies.
Generally, social wasps do not have a mating flight. Instead they reproduce between a single queen and a male drone in the vicinity of their nesting area. After successfully mating, the drone's sperm cells are stored in a tightly packed ball inside the queen. The sperm are kept stored in a dormant state until the following spring. At a certain time of year (usually late autumn) the bulk of the wasp colony dies away, leaving only the young mated queens alive. During this time they leave the nest and find a suitable area to hibernate for the winter.
After emerging from hibernation during early spring, the young queens search for a suitable nesting site. Upon finding an area for her future colony, the queen usually constructs a basic paper nest into which she will begin to lay eggs. This varies from species to species in specifics, as not all wasps live in paper nests.
The sperm that was stored earlier and kept dormant over winter is now used to fertilize the eggs as they are being laid. The storage of sperm inside the female queen allows her to lay a considerable number of fertilized eggs without the need for repeated mating with a male wasp. For this reason a single female queen is capable of building an entire colony from only herself. The eggs laid initially are sterile female workers who will begin to construct a more elaborate nest around their queen and take over her role of feeding the larvae.
Towards the end of the summer, the female wasps begin to run out of stored sperm to fertilize more eggs. These eggs develop into fertile males and fertile female queens. The male drones then fly out of the nest and find a mate thus perpetuating the wasp reproductive cycle. The queens will then leave the colony to hibernate for the winter once the other wasps begin to die off. After successfully mating with a young queen, the male drones die off. Generally young queens and drones from the same nest do not mate with each other.
Unlike most species of honey bee queens, the wasp queens only live for one year although exceptions are possible. Contrary to popular belief, the queen wasp does not organize the wasp colony or have any raised status amongst the social group. She is rather the reproductive element of the colony as all members of the colony are theoretically direct genetic descendants of the queen.
The nests of social wasps are first constructed by the queen, and then expanded as more workers are propagated. Unlike honey bees, wasps have no wax producing glands. They manufacture a paper-like material from wood pulp. Wood fibers are gathered from weathered wood, softened by chewing and mixing with saliva. The paper is then used to make combs with cells for brood rearing.
Solitary wasps are mostly parasitic on other insects. With most species, adult parasitic wasps themselves do not take any nutrients from their prey, and, much like bees, butterflies, and moths, typically derive all of their nutrition from nectar. Parasitic wasps (more properly called parasitoids) are extremely diverse in habits, many laying their eggs in inert stages of their host (egg or pupa), or sometimes paralyzing their prey by injecting it with venom through their ovipositor. They typically inject the host with eggs or deposit them upon the host externally; when the eggs hatch, the larvae eat the prey alive, saving the vital organs for last.
The Weed Profiles in [Horticulture]] provide detailed information about the life cycle and control of plants that often occur as garden weeds. Many plants are listed both as garden weeds and garden plants, since many weedy plants also happen to have good qualities as garden plants (it's really just a matter of personal preference). 
Weed Profiles
There are many tools available for weeding.
Weeding Tools
Weeds are among the most frustrating elements of a gardener's life. Often defined simply as "a plant that's growing where you don't want it", weeds cause problems for gardens by demanding nutrients and water, and blocking out light for wanted plants. 
See :/Weeds for pages about particular weeds.
Weeds
Weevils are ../Beetles/ which have elongated snouts. Several species are serious garden and farm pests.
Aside from the long snout they are otherwise just beetles. Some species have fused wing covers and so are unable to fly.
The whiteflies, comprising only the family Aleyrodidae, are small hemipterans which typically feed on the underside of plant leaves. While feeding damage can cause economic losses, it is the ability of whiteflies to transmit or spread viruses that has had the widest impact on global food production. In the tropics and subtropics, whiteflies (Hemiptera: Aleyrodidae)have become one of the most serious crop protection problems. Economic losses are estimated in the hundreds of millions of dollars. While several species of whitefly cause crop losses through direct feeding, a species complex, or group of whiteflies in the genus "Bemisia" are important in the transmission of plant diseases. "Bemisia tabaci" and "B. argentifolii", transmit African cassava mosaic, bean golden mosaic, bean dwarf mosaic, bean calico mosaic, tomato yellow leaf-curl, tomato mottle, and other Begomoviruses, in the Family: Geminiviridae. The world-wide spread of emerging biotypes, such as "B. tabaci" biotype B, also known as, 'B. argentifolii', and a new biotype Q, continue to cause severe crop losses which will likely continue to increase, resulting in higher pesticide use on many crops (tomatoes, beans, cassava, cotton, cucurbits, potatoes, sweet potatoes). Efforts to develop integrated pest management, IPM, systems aimed at environmentally friendly strategies to also reduce insecticide use will help re-establish the ecological equilibrium of predators, parasitoids, and microbial controls that were once in place. New crop varieties are also being developed with increased tolerance to the whiteflies, and to the whitefly-transmitted plant diseases. A major problem is the fact that the whiteflies and the viruses they carry can infect many different host plants, including agricultural crops and weeds. This is complicated by the difficulty in classifying and detecting new whitefly biotypes and Begomoviruses. Proper diagnosis of plant diseases depends on using sophisticated molecular techniques to detect and characterize the viruses and whiteflies which are present in a crop. A team of researchers, extension agents and growers working together are needed to follow disease development, using dynamic modeling, to understand the incidence of disease spread.
Whiteflies feed by tapping into the phloem of plants, which carries food down the plant to the roots. Plants have vascular tissues that carry water Xylem up the plant, where it combines with photosynthesis to produce the needed food for plant growth. The plants lose turgor and wilt, and may react to the whiteflies' toxic saliva. As whiteflies congregate in large numbers, they overwhelm plants quickly. It can get so bad that when you tap a leaf, a swarm of whiteflies will go airborne before re-settling under the leaf. They also excrete honeydew, which promotes ../Sooty Mold/ growth and can ruin a cotton crop with its stickiness. 
In 1997 ../Tomato Yellow Leaf-Curl Begomovirus/, (TYLCV) was discovered in the USA, in Florida. This plant disease is the worst viral disease of tomato. The disease is transmitted by the whitefly, "Bemisia argentifolii". The whitefly is also been shown to transmit almost all of the 60 known whitefly transmitted plant viral diseases. 
They have an unusually modified form of metamorphosis, in that the immature stages begin life as mobile individuals, but soon attach to the plant, and the stage before the adult is called a pupa (though it is not a true pupa in the sense of insects that undergo complete metamorphosis). 
Whitefly control is difficult. The greenhouse whitefly has developed resistance to many pesticides. The USDA recommends "an integrated program that focuses on prevention and relies on cultural and biological control methods when possible." They advise use of yellow sticky traps to monitor infestations and only selective use of insecticides.
Wilting refers to the loss of rigidity of non-woody parts of plants. This occurs when the turgor pressure in non-woody plant cells falls towards zero, as a result of diminished water in the cells. Lower water availability may result from:
Wilting diminishes the plant's ability to transpire and grow. Permanent wilting leads to plant death. Symptoms of wilting and blights resemble one another.
In woody plants, reduced water availability leads to cavitation of the xylem.
Wisteria sinensis (Chinese Wisteria) is a woody, deciduous, perennial climbing vine, native to China in the provinces of Guangxi, Guizhou, Hebei, Henan, Hubei, Shaanxi, and Yunnan. While this plant is a climbing vine, it can be trained into a tree-like shape, usually with a wavy trunk and a flattened top. It was introduced from China to Europe and North America in 1816 and has secured a place as one of the most popular flowering vines for home gardens due to its flowering habit. It has however become an invasive species in some areas of the eastern United States where the climate closely matches that of China.
All parts of the plant contain a glycoside called wisterin which is toxic and if ingested and may cause nausea, vomiting, stomach pains, and diarrhea. Wisterias have caused poisoning in children of many countries, producing mild to severe gastroenteritis.
It can grow 20-30 m long over supporting trees by counter-clockwise-twining stems. The leaves are shiny, green, pinnately compound, 10-30 cm in length, with 9-13 oblong leaflets that are each 2-6 cm long. The flowers are white, violet, or blue, produced on 15-20 cm racemes in spring, usually reaching their peak in mid-May. The flowers on each raceme open simultaneously before the foliage has expanded, and have a distinctive fragrance similar to that of grapes. Though it has shorter racemes than Wisteria floribunda (Japanese Wisteria), it often has a higher quantity of racemes. The fruit is a flattened, brown, velvety, bean-like pod 5-10 cm long with thick disk-like seeds around 1 cm in diameter spaced evenly inside; they mature in summer and crack and twist open to release the seeds; the empty pods often persist until winter. However seed production is often low, and most regenerative growth occurs through layering and suckering. 
It is hardy in USDA plant hardiness zones 5-9, and prefers moist soils. It is considered shade tolerant, but will flower only when exposed to partial or full sun. It will also flower only after passing from juvenile to adult stage, a transition that may take many years. It can live for over 100 years.
Generally Wisterias are propagated with cuttings (hardwood).
But it can be possible to make use of their seeds(in their flowers)
but takes more time to have a real tree!
In some articles the softwood cutting is also recommended but I checked
it doesen't work well.
Because the herbaceous (soft)stem will rot (within a few days) before rooting!
Wood Mulches are the most commonly used mulch in many regions, since wood tends to be in plentiful supply. There are a number of different kinds of wood mulches, but all are essentially from the same source: waste materials from either the lumber industry or the landscaping industry. 
Wood chips are the product of chippers, which are used to process waste wood after pruning or clearing. 
Shredded wood is made from either wood chips or larger pieces of wood using a drum grinder or similar industrial-scale machine. 
Dyed wood mulches are derived from a number of sources, including chips, larger wood, and waste lumber such as pallettes.
Bark mulch is derived from forest products, when trees are debarked at the mill.
Wood Mulches
A wood chipper is a machine used for reducing wood (generally tree limbs or trunks) into smaller parts, such as wood chips or sawdust. They are often portable, being mounted on wheels on frames suitable for towing behind a truck or van. Power is generally provided by an internal combustion engine from 3 to 1,000 horsepower.
Wood chippers are typically made of a hopper with a collar, the chipper mechanism itself, and an optional collection bin for the chips. A tree limb is inserted into the hopper (the collar serving as a partial safety mechanism to keep human body parts away from the chipping blades) and started into the chipping mechanism. The chips exit through a chute and can be directed into a truck-mounted container or onto the ground. Typical output is chips on the order of one to two inches across in size. The resulting wood chips have various uses such as being spread as a ground cover or being fed into a digester during papermaking.
Most woodchippers rely on energy stored in a heavy flywheel to do their work (although some use drums). The chipping blades are mounted on the face of the flywheel, and the flywheel is accelerated by an electric motor or internal combustion engine. As large branches are consumed by the machine, the inertia of the flywheel causes it to gradually slow down; when the branch is consumed, the engine causes it to speed up again. This is what produces the rising and falling siren-like howl of these machines.
Large woodchippers frequently are equipped with grooved rollers in the throat of their feed funnels. Once a branch has been gripped by the rollers, the operator lets go of it and the rollers transport the branch to the chipping blades at a steady rate. These rollers are a safety feature, and are generally reversible for situations where a branch gets caught on clothing.
High-Torque Roller
Shredders that make use of high-torque low-speed grinding rollers are growing in populartiry for residential use.
These shredders are driven with an electric motor and are very quite, dust free, and self feeding. Some of these
machines are equipped with an anti-jamming feature.
The first commercially marketed chippers were of a design that was drum-based. They are still produced and sold today. The chipping mechanism in a drum style chipper is large steel drum powered by the motor, usually by a belt. It is mounted parallel to the hopper and spins towards the output chute. The drum also serves as the feed mechanism, drawing the material through as it chips it. This caused it to be colloquially known as a "chuck-and-duck" chipper, because material would start moving through the chipper very quickly as soon as it made contact with the drum.
These chippers have many downsides. The drum-style chipper is not as safe as newer designs. If an operator becomes snagged on material being fed into the machine, injury or death is almost certain. These chippers are also very loud. The chips produced can be very large, and if thin material is inserted, it may be cut into slivers rather than chips. Finally, since the drum cannot be disengaged from the engine, if too large or too long material is fed through the machine, it will stall, usually with the material stuck firmly in the drum.
Newer models have overcome many of these disadvantages with reversible hydraulic feed wheels automatically controlled with the digital Auto-Feed Plus®first seen published In the tree trader magazine Oct 2000 By Kurt Snider of Electronic Solutions and muffling systems. The reversible feed system allows the newer style drum chippers to handle larger diameter materials. 
Modern Drum-style chippers usually have a material capacity of 6 to 19 inches.
A newer chipper design employs a steel disk with knives mounted upon it as the chipping mechanism. In this design, (usually) reversible hydraulically powered wheels draw the material from the hopper towards the disk, which is mounted on a perpendicular angle to the incoming material. As the disk spins, the knives cut the material into chips. They are thrown out the chute by flanges on the drum.
This design is not as energy-efficient as the drum-style design, but produces chips of more uniform shape and size. Most chippers currently used by commercial tree care companies are of this type.
Disk-style chippers usually have a material diameter capacity of 6 to 24 inches.
Much larger machines for wood processing exist. "Whole tree chippers" and "Recyclers," which can typically handle material diameters of two to six feet, may employ drums, disks, or a combination of both. The largest machines used in wood processing, often called "Tub Grinders," may handle a material diameter of eight feet or greater, and used carbide tipped flail hammers to pulverize wood rather than cut it. These machines usually have 200 to 1,000 horsepower. Some are so heavy that they must be moved by a semi-trailer truck. Smaller models can be pulled with a medium duty truck.
Although chippers vary greatly in size, style, and capacity, the knives they use are all very similar. They are rectangular in shape and are usually four to six inches across by six to twelve inches long. They vary in thickness from about one-half to two inches. Chipper knives are made from high grade steel, and usually contain a minimum of 8% chromium for hardness.
Chippers were controlled by various means since their inception. However the harsh application and environment caused an incredible lack of reliability and performance. In 1999, Kurt Snider developed a proportional start/stop auto feed control that was tested by Morbark. Although this was the first digital feed control for this type of machinery, the net result was sawdust. The following summer, Kurt produced the first digital, programmable, reversing control with a LED display, Auto-Feed Plus®. This control eliminated the self feeding of material into the feed wheels when the engine bogged down. In addition, this technology, by enabling the machine to stop and reverse the feed wheels after the engine RPM's drop to a pre-determined set point, saves on knife wear, clutch wear, adds to the overall longeivity of the machine. This technology has so reveloutionized the industry, virtually every North American manufacturer of tree chippers and most world wide, now use some variation of reversing auto feed.
Chippers are by nature dangerous machines, designed to turn whatever is put into them into small chips. While most modern chippers have safety features built in, it's important to remember that some don't, and even those that do need to be used with caution and under the guidance of an experienced operator.
Users of chippers should wear comfortable clothing that is not too loose, and preferably of strong fabric that won't get punctured by branches. Goggles should always be worn, and when using non-self-feeding types a brush mask is advisable. Ear protection is a must, especially for larger chippers. 
Chippers should always be fed butt end first, so piles need to be stacked before the chipping starts. In order to prevent branches from becoming entangled, piles are stacked in a fan-like pattern, in a third of a circle around the chipper (leave room to each side for branches that get caught up and need to be thrown aside). For very large brush piles, these fans can be in two rows (one in front of the other). The back row should not sit on any part of the front row, to avoid the need for pulling branches free while the chipper is running. There should always be at least ten feet of work space between the piles and the chipper chute, to prevent tripping. 
Depending on the type of wood, the angles of the branches, and the capacity of the chipper, some branches may need to be cut to prevent jamming. Branches that are close in length to the feeding capacity width should never be thrown in, since they can often jam between the feed wheel and the disk.
Roots and raked materials should never be chipped, since they often contain rocks that can damage the blades. The chipping of thorned materials should be avoided when possible.
When chipping diseases materials, the load of chips should be marked as such, and not used for mulching near any plant that is vulnerable to the same pathogen.
Before starting the chipper, check to make sure the discharge chute is pointing in the right direction, and is secured. Make sure everyone is ready before starting the engine. Hand signals for "wait", "put it in", "don't put that in", and "turn it off" should be gone over with new crew members. All safety equipment should be put on before starting the engine, shoes tied, and any foreign materials gotten out of the way. If chipping in a residential area, make sure that no children, dogs, or other "civilians" are in the area.
Once the chipper is started and spun up, workers can begin adding materials into the infeed shute. If more than one worker is using the chipper, the crew members need to keep a careful eye on one another, and make eye contact before adding a new armful. If small material doesn't go in right away, it's often easier to simply let it be pushed in by the next load, rather than blocking the way.
If the infeed chute is too full with small branches and jams, use a long branch to try to pull the small branches through, or if necessary use a plastic ../Grain Scoop/ or similar tool that is too large to fit into the actual chipper, and is plastic or wood just in case it does touch the blades or rollers.
http://autofeedplus.com/ Auto Feed Plus® web site with videos
US Patent: 7070132, Low-Speed High-Torque Chipper-Shredder Machine
Woodchippers
