Le Parkour (also called parkour, and abbreviated PK) is a physical discipline of French origin in which participants attempt to pass obstacles in the most efficient way possible as if moving in an emergency situation, using skills such as jumping and climbing, or the more specific parkour moves. The obstacles can be anything in one's environment, but parkour is often seen practiced in urban areas because of many suitable public structures that are accessible to most people, such as buildings and rails. Parkour also has a deep mental and spiritual side; based around the overcoming of fears and mental obstacles in an altruistic way which may one day prove beneficial to the community.
Another discipline which is related on the surface is Freerunning, which is a break-away discipline formed by Sebastien Foucan, where the freerunner moves through their environment in any way they wish, which often includes acrobatic manouveres such as flips and kicks or vault and flip combinations. These movements are generally accepted as not parkour because they are not the most efficient way of moving through an environment.
"An introduction to the Parkour Wikibook, the practice, philosophy and history of Parkour, and a guide for beginning traceurs"
"Some basic advice on exercises to condition the body for Parkour"
"Basic movements of Parkour"
"These movements are not recommended for beginning traceurs"
"These are considered to be Freerunning or Tricking, related to Parkour but not embracing the core value of efficient movement"
The Double Kong Vault is ideal for Chest Height obstacles. It will give more height than the King Kong Vault because of the touch/jump. Using this you can get across two objects close next to each other.
Video
This move is derived from gymnastics but it is widely used in freerunning.These are the instructions on how to do it:
Remember:This is a running frontflip.
1.Take a 3 or 4 running steps.
2.Do your last hopping step because this is the takeoff
3.Prepare yourself for the takeoff.Synchronize the following instructions below before the takeoff:
4.After doing the previous set of instructions:
5.Always think the proper timing.Release your legs if your rotation is about 3/4 or 7/8.
6.Prepare for landing.Always land on the balls of your feet and not on your heels.Otherwise,it can injure your heels.
This move is a series of sideflips(either 3,4 or more rotations).Double sideflip is considered only as Air Bomb if it performed in higher places.
This move is the reverse of the Frontflip.It can be executed in a straight surface or in higher places and can be executed with a roundoff or even stationary,as same as in back handspring.
Straight surface execution
Higher place execution
On the gate vault, you have to bend over the gate and flip over the gate. You have to stick the landing because if you don't stick the landing, then you would likely to hurt yourself doing the gate vault. Protect yourself from falling on your head because if you fall on your head, you would break the base of your skull.
The Cheat Gainer is a kind of flip derived from Wushu,a Chinese martial art.This move uses a J-step.
1.Do a 3 or 4 steps in J-form.
2.Synchronize the following:
3.When you feel that you're in the midair after jumping,spot the ground over your shoulder.
4.Prepare your one leg for landing.
1.Take a 3 or 4 running steps.
2.Do your last hopping step because this is the take off.
3.Prepare yourself for the take off. Synchronize the following instructions below before the take off:
Keep your both feet in front of your face. Don't lean because leaning makes your front flip low and when you landed,it may cause damage to your heels.
4.After doing the previous set of instructions
5.Always think the proper timing.Release your legs if your rotation is about 3/4 or 7/8.
6.Prepare for landing.Always land on the balls of your feet and not on your heels.Otherwise,it can injure your heels.
A Handspring is a tricking/gymnastics move in which you flip halfway, place your hands on the ground, spring off your hands continuing the flip that you started, and land back on your feet. Either a front handspring or a back handspring can be done. 
This is the most difficult and most dangerous move in Parkour and Freeruning but this is the greatest move ever.
The side flip starts out with a run and long strides. As you prepare to flip, take a small skip step dragging your back leg close to the ground. And it can be performed in two ways. 
1-take strides and jump of a leading foot
2-skip jump into a jump with both feet.
You want to jump upwards and bring your knees into your chest and tuck as you jump up. You want your left hand (as if performing flipping to the right) to go over your head and follow through. Your right hand will go up and out and then brought into a tuck formation and brought in the pit of your knees. You are pivoting around your shoulders. As you land your feet unfold and bend your knees to absorb the shock. While practicing before performing you should practice rolling over a bail of hay, foam block, or any waist-high obstacle ... Technique is key here
This move is also called Speed Bomb or Side Bomb.It can be executed only in higher places with an obstacle at the edge part of it.
A Cat leap (aka Saut de bras )is a common technique in parkour in which a traceur cannot make a jump from one point to another with his or her feet, and therefore must run at the 2nd point (usually a wall), and grab the top with their hands while simultaneously preventing their body from slamming into the wall using their feet.
To execute a cat leap, run at the top of a wall. Your legs should be extended partially in front of you once airborne. Absorb the impact with your legs first, potentially bending your knees and landing on the balls of your feet. Once the feet touch, grab the top of the wall with your hands. The cat leap has been completed. You may either drop down, jump to another wall, or pop on top or over current wall.
In a variation of a cat leap, the body can either be partially on top of the wall (versus just the arms), or the feet may be slid down the wall, to further avoid impact.
The Kash Vault is similar to the Monkey Vault and Dash Vault.
A Kash Vault is started the same as a Monkey Vault, with the traceur putting their hands on the wall or object in front of them, springing up and bringing their legs up to their chest in a tuck position.
The Traceur then lets go of the object, kicks their legs out like in the dash vault and places their hands back on the object in order to push off and secure a safe landing although it isn't necessary to let go, the traceur may wish to keep their hands on the object at all times.
It is often a good idea to attempt a Kash Vault in a similar area to a Double Kong Vault, with a big area to clear or with 2 objects close to each other than can be cleared in 1 vault.
A King Kong vault (or sometimes Kong vault or just Kong) is a common technique in parkour. The King Kong vault is executed when a traceur takes a leap 3 to 2 feet in front of the object , put their legs in between their arms, and let go. It is like a monkey vault except that take huge leap and get more momentum.
Kong Vault is the same as 
Landing is one of the most important techniques to master in the practice of Parkour. Traceurs who do not land properly risk repeated damage to their legs, back and joints. 
The key to safely landing is bending the knees when toes make contact with ground. Never land flat footed; always land on toes and ball of your foot. Do not land with your feet (exaggeratedly) stretched! This "technique", as often seen in videos, might slightly (if at all) reduce strain on the vertebral column on impact, but significantly increases the risk of ankle fracture. This is due to the specific anatomy of the ankle joint. Stability of the lower ankle joint is notably decreased in the plantarflexed condition (i.e. when the foot is "stretched") increasing the risk of severe injuries. This is also the reason why most people twist their ankle when walking/running downhill.
When landing from a move with a lot of momentum, it may be best to land using a Parkour Roll.
parkour uses lots of flips tricks 360's jumping wall spins or just plain showing off your skills that are easy to gain and/or learn off of google wiki youtube books practice gymnastics and last of all personal trainers. in order to parkour you have to have very good athletics. I thank you for reading my edit and have fun learning.
This move can be done from varying heights. If done from major height, the trailing outer arm can be used to slow the decent down and control your landing.
The Monkey vault (Saut De Chat/Cat Pass/Kong/Panther/Gorilla) is an extremely common and useful vault that can be used for rails or walls up to chest height. As opposed to most vaults, where the legs swing around to one side or the other, in the monkey vault the legs are tucked up to the chest and the entire body passes through the parallel planted arms.
To execute a monkey vault build up a bit of speed while approaching the rail, and just before you reach it step your legs together -- maintaining your prior momentum -- and jump up and forwards, bringing your legs together up towards your chest. As you jump reach your arms forward and grab the rail, leaning forward to allow your feet to clear it. Once you have reached the other side you may choose to land on one leg to continue running, or if it is a significant drop execute a PK roll.
The Parkour Roll is a very important skill to learn properly. The purpose of this roll is to lighten the impact of a fall or landing during your run. Practice safe rolls without much speed or height at first, on grass.
A precision jump is essentially a jump from a one obstacle to another obstacle landing on your two feet. The word "precision" refers to the accuracy needed to land the jump, for example landing on a rail or bollard requires more precision than a large wall or rock.
The jump is usually performed from a stand-still position. Taking off with two legs and landing with two legs. Taking off from one leg (from a run up) is usually referred to as a "running precision".
When landing (either from a two footed or running take off) it is important that you land on the balls of your feet with your feet together and furthermore "stick" the jump meaning you do not fall forwards or backwards off of the obstacle. the larger distance/smaller the object you are landing on, then the better you are progressing.
When landing a precision jump many people stress the importance of the "90° rule" with an argument that if you bend your legs too much and sink down low into a crouched position, your knees can't and will not tolerate the impact, resulting in joint problems.
The 90° rule is a myth as if you are not strong enough to bend your legs more than 90° then you shouldn't be attempting the jump at all. Everyone can squat but not everyone is strong enough to do so when landing from a height. If you feel uncomfortable with a deep squatting motion then do not attempt any drop or precision jump that will force you into this position.
Having a strong and full range of motion in your legs, is vital when training Parkour, if you cannot go past 90° when landing without discomfort or feeling strong, then physical conditioning is needed to increase your capacity to withstand impact in the full range of motion.
Start with small, low level jumps. From this starting point and with regular practice you should get stronger and get more confidence with jumping and landing. This is transferable to other aspects of Parkour.
Land on the ball of your front foot as if you had just taken a really long running stride. Bend your knee to absorb the impact and immediately stride forward with the other leg to continue running.
This vault should almost feel like a fast sideways jump or a really long stride. The hand you grasp the obstacle with should have to do very little work and just be there as a guide.
Sometimes a more controlled movement can be applied by bringing your free hand down behind you and grasping the obstacle. This motion should be used to change the direction of the body and add to a softer more stealthy landing. You can quickly stride into this movement just like a speed vault, but the exit becomes more compacted and can be very useful in tighter areas.
Variations include wall running and just a tac.
First, the wall run is basically the same as the tic tac but is done with only one wall and more than two steps (not that it should be numbered).
To execute it run at a wall head on or at an angle, then with your non-preferred foot kick up the wall. Quickly place your preferred foot onto the wall and push off or in the same direction as the first kick. This allows you either to continue the wall run or finish it.
The tac is were you simply kick off a wall at an angle to get over an object or gap.
of course this is simple but effective and can be used in combination with vault, catleap, etc.
The two handed vault is probably the easiest and the most common. This technique requires two hands and a bit of strength to pull yourself over an object. Objects are usually rails, but this method can be used in the 'cat jump' to pull yourself over.
Parkour exercises often focus on compound, functional (e.g. pertaining to real-life situations) movements. The movements are intended to build strength and agility rather than bulk. Following is a brief outline of some common exercises.
In order to help prevent injury, a proper warm-up is essential for a traceur. A warm-up might take 10-20 minutes but it should leave you feeling energized and alert. A successful warm-up may include:
"The Burpee is rumored to have developed in maximum security prisons. In such facilities, inmates are not allowed exercise equipment, so the burpee was developed by the prisoners to keep themselves in good physical condition."
"A Muscle-Up is an excellent general conditioning exercise, which engages most of the arm, shoulder, back, and core musculature."
"This exercise works the core and arms."
"The Pull-up is a upper-body arm exercise. It requires a sturdy bar, above your shoulders but low enough for you to reach it and it must be able to support your body weight. When this exercise is done with an underhand grip (palms facing you) it is a chin-up, chin-ups put more emphasis on your biceps where pull-ups put more emphasis on your lats"
"The push-up (or press-up) is a basic upper body exercise that targets many muscles in your arms and chest."
"The squat is a total leg workout exercise. It doesn't require any equipments but can be done with weights to add resistance and there are many variations to keep yourself interested."
"The lunge trains the legs, hips, and - if done properly - the core."
1) Stand with your feet shoulder width apart. Point your toes straight ahead
2) Inhale deeply and pull your arms in as if you were rowing a boat.
3) Exhale and lower your buttocks while raising your heels and lowering your hands behind your back until your thighs are parallel to the floor. Keep your back perpendicular to the floor. If you have done this correctly you should feel it in your thighs.
4) Swing your arms straight out in front of you and stand up.
5) Go to step 1
The Burpee, also known as the squat thrust, is rumored to have developed in maximum security prisons. In such facilities, inmates are not allowed exercise equipment, and thus the burpee was developed by the prisoners to keep themselves in good physical condition.
The terms "burpee" and "squat thrust" are sometimes used interchangeably, however, squat thrusts lack the jumping component of burpees.
The Handstand Push-Up is similar to a regular push up, but requires more balance and strength. It strengthens core, back and upper body muscles.
When done correctly, the Lunge will help to stretch the hamstrings and work out quads. Holding the stretch for fifteen seconds will increase effectiveness.
A Muscle-Up is an excellent general conditioning exercise, which engages most of the arm, shoulder, back, and core musculature.
The Pull-up is an upper-body compound exercise, involving many muscles. It requires a sturdy bar, above your shoulders but low enough for you to reach it and it must be able to support your body weight.
The push-up (or press-up) is a basic upper body exercise that targets many muscles in your arms and chest.
The squat is a workout exercise focusing on the posterior chain, but can exercise the whole body. It doesn't require any equipment, but can be done with weights to add resistance and there are many variations.
These are considered to be Freerunning or Tricking.
Parkour is a physical discipline inspired by human movement, focusing on uninterrupted, efficient forward motion over, under, around and through obstacles (both man-made and natural) in one's environment. Such movement may come in the form of running, jumping, climbing and other more complex techniques. The goal of parkour is to adapt one's movement to any given obstacle.
According to founder David Belle, the spirit of parkour is guided in part by the notions of "escape" and "reach", that is, the idea of using physical agility and quick thinking to get out of difficult situations, and to be able to go anywhere that one desires.
In order to begin, all you have to do is research, maybe get some friends in it, then go out and try some stuff. It is strongly urged that beginner traceurs start small at first, then gradually try harder techniques as their abilities grow. Parkour can be a dangerous practice, particularly when traceurs do not observe their surroundings correctly during a run.
The only things you need to begin your parkour training are a pair of good Parkour shoes, comfortable clothes, and the necessary safety precautions. When choosing clothing for parkour, remember that comfortable clothing should not be overly baggy, as excess fabric may catch on obstacles. Necessary safety precautions include knowledge of the landscape you are training on. Always check behind obstacles to ensure there are no hidden dangers, such as rocks, sticks or secondary obstacles.
You should always want to switch from "good running shoes" to "barefoot shoes" or plain barefoot. Using more padded shoes can lead toward your feet relying on that extra padding and could end up causing injury. You always want to be able to practice parkour injury free. Using flat bottom or no shoes will increase your parkour skills.
Before doing more advanced parkour, you must first begin by doing exercises. It is necessary to condition your body, and as parkour is a very physical activity, it is advisable to have a routine which includes stretches and exercises. This wikibook includes descriptions of several useful exercises in the Exercises chapter. Exercises are important in parkour because many of the techniques require one to use muscles that usually aren't worked out and strong so all kinds of exercises, targeting all muscles on your body, must be done to be able to do the moves properly.
Before doing your first parkour run, it is recommended that you warm up your muscles with a light jog and a series of stretches to reduce muscle strain or harm during your first run. Try a regular run with low objects, such as small boulders, benches or low rails/fences to start off, then slowly progress to harder things. If you are unsure of where to practice, consider local parks or school yards. In recent years parkour's increased popularity has led to indoor parkour facilities in some cities. 
A very important requirement of parkour is physical development. Arm and leg strength are the key for success in Parkour.
The training routine takes to the earnings of more experience for new obstacles and help in the motive coordination. With time, Parkour helps one learn the movements of the body and teaches balance and control. Knowing the limits of the body creates an adaptation for new atmospheres and challenges.
A unique aspect of Parkour is the emphasis placed not on strength of body, but regarding personal fear and lack of self trust. A traceur may experience fear of getting hurt when confronting new techniques or situations. Ultimately it is important for traceurs to trust themselves if they wish for their technique to develop. Parkour is about pushing the limits of the human body as well as the human mind.
With the training it is possible to develop an atrevecia vision for obstacles. Which is the easiest road? Which is the most difficult? Is it possible to jump here? The routine takes to the naturalness of movements in new atmospheres.
In scary situations or during falling, the heart beats fast and adrenaline is felt all throughout the body. The training of the movements or courses helps the traceur overcome the prescribed physical response to flail. He or she will then think about the movement. " What seems difficult today he or she has to be to seem easy tomorrow. "
Within Parkour exists philosophy and roads to the discovery of the limits of oneself.
It may be argued that Parkour has been around since the dawn of man and his passion to move, be it for fun or for survival. Thus we shall focus on Parkour in the modern day, and how it came to be known by this name. Parkour or l'art du déplacement (the art of movement)is a term coined by Hubert Koundé after meeting with David Belle. The term Parkour was inspired by Georges Hébert's Natural Method theory. Georges Hébert (27 April 1875 in Paris – 2 August 1957 in Tourgéville, Calvados) was an Officer in the French Navy which allowed for him to travel extensively and he was inspired by the way that Indigenous people in Africa and elsewhere were able to traverse the natural environment so fluidly, quickly and elegantly while having no idea of modern European Gymnastic techniques. Hébert respected physical fitness and was so impressed by the African Native's way of moving that when he returned to France to work as a physical instructor in the army, he had devised a new way to train, which he called the Natural Method. Contrary to popular belief the Indigenous people which he observed are not solely responsible for inspiring Hébert. Other notable people whom he studied and learned from include Friedrich Ludwig Jahn, Dr. Paul Carton and Georges Demenÿ to name but a few. What did not satisfy Hébert about the Gymnastics oriented training regimes of his time was that it did not prepare the students to real life situations and he thought the competition aspect to it was morally degrading. His proposed a method of training that was closer to real life so that in a genuine emergency those undergoing the Natural Method would be conditioned to respond quickly and effectively. The following will be a basic outline of the type of exercises which are to be performed in an average Natural Method training session.
"A (Natural Method) session is composed of exercises belonging to the ten fundamental groups: walking, running, jumping, quadrupedal movement(movement while on all fours), climbing, equilibrium (balancing), throwing, lifting, defending and swimming.
A training session consists, then, of exercises in an outdoor environment - a course of greater or lesser distance (a few hundred meters to several kilometers), during which, one walks, one runs, one jumps, one progresses quadrupedally, one climbs, one walks in unstable balance, one raises and one carries, one throws, one fights and one swims.
This course can be carried out in 2 ways:
1 - the natural or spontaneous way; i.e., on an unspecified route through the countryside.
2 - within an especially designed environment.
All of the exercises can be carried out while progressing through this environment.
Finally, the session can last from 20 to 60 minutes." (From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georges_H%C3%A9bert)
Georges Hébert was also credited as being the first to utilize an obstacle course design in his training method. Today obstacle courses are used in most physically demanding professions such as Policing, Firefighting and the Army. The connection between David Belle's Parkour and Georges Hébert's Natural Method can be seen if we use the french term for obstacles course, which is Parcour. Even by definition, Parkour is a way of moving through the environment in a quick, fluid and efficient manner, as if tackling an obstacle course. David Belle borrowed a lot of Hébert's ideas and principles when he along with his friends were experimenting with movement in the urban environment in Lisses during the 90's. Belle's thirst for movement was not easily quenched, seeing as how Raymond Belle(David Belles Father) was a decorated soldier and part of the French Army's elite firefighting squad entrusted to handle the most dangerous rescue missions. David Belle wished to join the firefighting brigade as his father has but due to personal drama and injuries it did not work out. Through this can trace both David and Reymond's altruistic attitudes to Hébert who advocated that physical excellence should be complimented by altruistic acts of heroism and courage in the face of danger. David was also inspired by his maternal grandfather Gilbert Kitten who evoked in him a passion for heroism. David experimented with many styles of movement, ranging from Kung Fu to Gymnastics. David also joined the Troupes de Marine, and even though he excelled there thanks to his high physical fitness level, he could not stay due to the impossible combination of his love of adventure and strict military life. After that he worked various jobs and began filming his abilities, which caught the attention of Stage 2 films who decided to showcase David's discipline in a series of collaborations, which ignited his acting and stunting career in the film industry.
Parkour is a non-competitive discipline which emphasizes the practitioner to be strong and flexible as to be able to move quickly and efficiently through any given environment so to be able to react during emergency situations. It is safe to say that the motto for parkour is the motto of Georges Hébert's "Méthode Naturelle"; "être fort pour être utile" ("be strong to be useful").(From: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georges_Hebert) The reason parkour is a non-competitive discipline and not a sport is the same reason for Hébert's dissatisfaction with the dominant gymnastics style oriented training of his time. Being a very moral man and believing in altruism, Hébert thought that remedial Gymnastics exercises and its predominant concentration on performance and competition did not prepare his students for the physical and moral challenges of the real world. He believed one should not strive to be strong simply to win a medal or hold a trophy, but to be ready to use his/her skills to be useful in times of crisis and danger. His view was shaped by his heroism during his time in the town of St. Pierre which was afflicted by a volcanic eruption. Thanks to Hébert around 700 people where saved. From that moment on his view was cemented that an athlete should not only be physically strong, but also morally just and should strive use his or her skills in altruistic ways rather than to use them to simply glorify oneself. Parkour is a discipline and not a sport because it has no set boundaries, time limits or rules which are mandatory to follow. There are no teams or tournaments. The only thing that is given is a set list of movements which David Belle, Sebastien Foucan and the Yamakasi have judged to be the most efficient and safe. These moves are tools for the practitioner to use when traversing their environment and there will be times when the practitioner will have to turn to the Hébert's Natural Method in order to find the quickest route. Though there is competition against one's fears and against the environment when practicing parkour, competition against a fellow practitioner is discouraged which is another major aspect of parkour which sets it apart from most other sports.
It should be noted that although these movements are named, due to the infinite possibilities of an environment, there is an infinite variation in the number of movements which can be applied as different situations will require adaption. Another important factor is that because parkour emphasizes efficiency, although several movements may be used to cross an obstacle, the fastest is considered to be the "best" parkour. Just as a martial artist may not pick the most suited movement in the heat of the moment, a practitioner of parkour may use a less efficient movement while missing a potentially more efficient option, be it because of lack of experience or a misjudgment of the obstacle to be overcome. Nonetheless, the ultimate goal of parkour is to minimize these misjudgements and be as efficient as possible as often as possible. On-the-spot judgment thus becomes an important part of the practice.
Many traceurs, including a large majority of veterans and those who learn from them, have foregone certain movements in training. Specifically, most traceurs do not practice drops higher than 6 feet or any rooftop jumping. This is to better preserve the body and the image of Parkour, so that spreading the art becomes easier to do. It has also become somewhat of a debate as to whether or not drops should be considered a "move" at all. It should be noted that some traceurs still practice drops and rooftops.
